What are the maximum and minimum budget of the departments?
What is the average number of employees of the departments whose rank is between 10 and 15?
What are the distinct creation years of the departments managed by a secretary born in state 'Alabama'?
What is the average number of working horses of farms with more than 5000 total number of horses?
What are the official names of cities, ordered descending by population?
What is the official name and status of the city with the most residents?
What are the official names of cities that have hosted more than one competition?
What is the status of the city that has hosted the most competitions?
What are the themes of competitions that have corresponding host cities with more than 1000 residents?
What are the statuses and average populations of each city?
What is the most common status across all cities?
What are the official names of cities that have not hosted a farm competition?
Which statuses correspond to both cities that have a population over 1500 and cities that have a population lower than 500?
What are the official names of cities that have population over 1500 or less than 500?
What are the census rankings of cities that do not have the status "Village"?
what is id of students who registered some courses but the least number of courses in these students?
For each city, what is the highest latitude for its stations?
What is the station station and end station for the trips with the three smallest ids?
What is the average latitude and longitude of stations located in San Jose city?
What is the average latitude and longitude in San Jose?
What is the total and maximum duration for all trips with the bike id 636?
What is the number of days that had an average humity above 50 and an average visibility above 8?
What are the ids of the stations in San Francisco that normally have more than 10 bikes available?
What is the 3 most common cloud cover rates in the region of zip code 94107?
What is the zip code in which the average mean sea level pressure is the lowest?
What is the zip code that has the lowest average mean sea level pressure?
What is the average bike availability in stations that are not located in Palo Alto?
What is the average bike availablility for stations not in Palo Alto?
What is the average longitude of stations that never had bike availability more than 10?
What is the mean longitude for all stations that have never had more than 10 bikes available?
What zip codes have a station with a max temperature greater than or equal to 80 and when did it reach that temperature?
Which days had a minimum dew point smaller than any day in zip code 94107, and in which zip codes were those measurements taken?
What are the ids of stations that have latitude above 37.4 and never had bike availability below 7?
What are names of stations that have average bike availability above 10 and are not located in San Jose city?
What are the names of all stations that have more than 10 bikes available and are not located in San Jose?
What is the date, average temperature and mean humidity for the days with the 3 largest maximum gust speeds?
What is the name of every city that has at least 15 stations and how many stations does it have?
What are the ids and names of all start stations that were the beginning of at least 200 trips?
What are the dates that have the 5 highest cloud cover rates and what are the rates?
For each end station id, what is its name, latitude, and minimum duration for trips ended there?
What are all the different zip codes that have a maximum dew point that was always below 70?
What are the dates in which the mean sea level pressure was between 30.3 and 31?
What are the dates that have an average sea level pressure between 30.3 and 31?
What are the days that had the smallest temperature range, and what was that range?
What are the different ids and names of the stations that have had more than 12 bikes available?
What are the zip codes that have an average mean humidity below 70 and had at least 100 trips come through there?
What are the names of stations that are located in Palo Alto city but have never been the ending point of trips more than 100 times?
What is the average latitude and longitude of the starting points of all trips?
What is the average latitude and longitude of all starting stations for the trips?
What is the count of aircrafts that have a distance between 1000 and 5000?
What is the number of employees that have a salary between 100000 and 200000?
What are the numbers of all flights that can cover a distance of more than 2000?
What is the average distance and price for all flights from LA?
What is the name and distance of every aircraft that can cover a distance of more than 5000 and which at least 5 people can fly?
What is the salaray and name of the employee that is certified to fly the most planes?
What is the salaray and name of the employee with the most certificates to fly planes more than 5000?
What are the distinct first names and cities of the students who have allergy either to milk or to cat?
What are the top 5 countries by number of invoices and how many do they have?
What are the names of the top 8 countries by total invoice size and what are those sizes?
What are the names of the countries and average invoice size of the top countries by size?
What are the top 10 customers' first and last names with the highest gross sales, and also what are the sales?
What are the first and last names of all the employees and how many people report to them?
What is the name, location and seating for the most recently opened track?
What are the names, locations, and years of opening for tracks with seating higher than average?
What are the classes of races that have two or more corresponding races?
What are the years of opening for tracks with seating between 4000 and 5000?
What are the locations that have both tracks with more than 90000 seats, and tracks with fewer than 70000 seats?
What is the membership card held by both members living in Hartford and ones living in Waterbury address?
What are the average score and average staff number of all shops?
What are the public schools and what are their locations?
What are the average enrollment size of the universities that are founded before 1850?
What is the total and minimum enrollment of all schools?
What are the schools that were either founded before 1850 or are public?
What are the different affiliations, and how many schools with each have an enrollment size of above 20000?
What are the different affiliations, and what is the total enrollment of schools founded after 1850 for each enrollment type?
What are the draft pick numbers and draft classes for players who play the Defender position?
What are the distinct positions of the players from a country whose capital is Dublin?
What are the official languages of the countries of players from Maryland or Duke college?
Who are the different players, what season do they play in, and what is the name of the team they are on?
What is the position that is most common among players in match seasons?
What are the three colleges from which the most players are from?
What are the names of all colleges that have two or more players?
What are the names of colleges that have two or more players, listed in descending alphabetical order?
What are the names of teams that do no have match season record?
What are the names of countries that have both players with position forward and players with position defender?
Which college have both players with position midfielder and players with position defender?
What are the names of climbers who are not from the country of Switzerland?
What is the maximum point for climbers whose country is United Kingdom?
What are the countries of mountains with height bigger than 5000?
What are the different ranges of the 3 mountains with the highest prominence?
What are the names of climbers and the corresponding names of mountains that they climb?
What are the names of climbers and the corresponding heights of the mountains that they climb?
What is the height of the mountain climbined by the climbing who had the most points?
What are the different names of mountains ascended by climbers from the country of West Germany?
What are the times used by climbers who climbed mountains in the country of Uganda?
What are the countries that have both mountains that are higher than 5600 and lower than 5200?
What are the names of mountains that have a height of over 5000 or a prominence of over 1000?
What is the average snatch score of body builders?
What are the clean and jerk score of the body builder with the highest total score?
What are the birth date and birth place of the body builder with the highest total points?
What are the heights of body builders with total score smaller than 315?
What is the average total score of body builders with height bigger than 200?
What is the most common birth place of people?
What are the birth places that are shared by at least two people?
What are the minimum and maximum vote percents of elections?
What are the life spans of representatives from New York state or Indiana state?
What are the lifespans of representatives in descending order of vote percent?
What is the party that has the largest number of representatives?
What is the minimum and maximum number of bathrooms of all the apartments?
What is the average number of bedrooms of all apartments?
What are the booking start and end dates of the apartments with more than 2 bedrooms?
What are the facility codes of the apartments with more than four bedrooms?
What are the top three apartment types in terms of the average room count? Give me the
What are the maximum, minimum and average home games each stadium held?
What is the average attendance of stadiums with capacity percentage higher than 100%?
How many different kinds of information sources are there for injury accidents?
What is the maximum and minimum height of all players?
What is the average rating for right-footed players and left-footed players?
What are the distinct buildings with capacities of greater than 50?
What are the room numbers and corresponding buildings for classrooms which can seat between 50 to 100 students?
What are the names and budgets of departments with budgets greater than the average?
What are the greatest and average capacity for rooms in each building?
What are the theme and year for all exhibitions that have a ticket price under 15?
What are the average, minimum, and maximum ticket prices for exhibitions that happened prior to 2009?
What are the themes and years for exhibitions, sorted by ticket price descending?
What is the theme, date, and attendance for the exhibition in year 2004?
Which themes have had corresponding exhibitions that have had attendance both below 100 and above 500?
How many exhibitions have a attendance more than 100 or have a ticket price below 10?
What are the names of artist whose exhibitions draw over 200 attendees on average?
What are the total points of gymnasts, ordered by their floor exercise points descending?
What is the average horizontal bar points for all gymnasts?
What are the distinct hometowns of gymnasts with total points more than 57.5?
What are the hometowns of gymnasts and the corresponding number of gymnasts?
What is the most common hometown of gymnasts?
What are the hometowns that are shared by at least two gymnasts?
How many main stream browsers whose market share is at least 5 exist?
What is the maximum, minimum and average market share of the listed browsers?
What are the ids and names of the web accelerators that are compatible with two or more browsers?
What is the time of elimination for the wrestler with the most days held?
What are the times of elimination for wrestlers with over 50 days held?
What are the teams that have both wrestlers eliminated by Orton and wrestlers eliminated by Benjamin?
What is the number of distinct teams that suffer elimination?
What are the total and average enrollment of all schools?
What are the average, maximum, and minimum number of floors for all buildings?
What are all the locations with a cinema?
What is total number of show times per dat for each cinema?
In which locations are there more than one movie theater with capacity above 300?
What are the companies and main industries of all companies that are not headquartered in the United States?
What are the headquarters with at least two companies in the banking industry?
What is the total number of gas stations that opened between 2000 and 2005?
What are the headquarters that have both a company in the banking and 'oil and gas' industries?
What are the headquarters without companies that are in the banking industry?
For each company id, what are the companies and how many gas stations does each one operate?
What are the main industries of the companies without gas stations and what are the companies?
What are the locations that have gas stations owned by a company with a market value greater than 100?
What is the id of the event with the most participants?
What are the numbers of constructors for different nationalities?
What are the ids and locations of all circuits in France or Belgium?
For each id of a driver who participated in at most 30 races, how many races did they participate in?
What are the names of the technicians that are assigned to repair machines with more point values than 70?
What are the companies and investors that correspond to each entrepreneur?
What is the weight of the shortest person?
What are the investors of entrepreneurs and the corresponding number of entrepreneurs invested by each investor?
What is the investor that has invested in the most number of entrepreneurs?
What are the investors that have invested in at least two entrepreneurs?
What are the investors who have invested in both entrepreneurs who requested more than 140000 and entrepreneurs who requested less than 120000?
What is the average number of people injured by all perpetrators?
What is the country that has the most perpetrators?
What are the countries that have at least two perpetrators?
What are the names of the campus that have more faculties in 2002 than the maximum number in Orange county?
What are the campuses that had between 600 and 1000 faculty members in 2004?
What are the support, consider, and oppose rates of each candidate, ordered ascending by their unsure rate?
What are the average height and weight across males (sex is M)?
What are the names of people who have a height greater than 200 or less than 190?
What are the average and minimum weights for people of each sex?
What are the names of candidates who have a lower support rate than oppose rate?
how many people are there whose weight is higher than 85 for each gender?
What are the names of people who are shorter than average?
What is the maximum and mininum number of stars a rating can receive?
What are the different police forces of counties that are not located in the East?
What are the minimum and maximum crime rate of counties?
What are the crime rates of counties sorted by number of offices ascending?
What are the percentage of hispanics in cities with the black percentage higher than 10?
What is the name of the county with the greatest population?
What are the names of the five cities with the greatest proportion of white people?
What are the names of cities, as well as the names of the counties they correspond to?
What are the white percentages of cities, and the corresponding crime rates of the counties they correspond to?
What are the names of cities that are in the county with the most police officers?
What are the crime rates of counties that contain cities that have white percentages of over 90?
What is the location shared by most counties?
What are the names of counties that do not contain any cities?
What are the names of cities that are in counties that have a crime rate below 100?
What are the case burdens of counties, ordered descending by population?
What is the total number of people who could stay in the modern rooms in this inn?
What is the least popular kind of decor?
What is the total number of rooms available in this inn?
What are the names of rooms that have either king or queen bed?
What is the average number of hosts for parties?
What is the location of the party with the most hosts?
Which nations have both hosts of age above 45 and hosts of age below 35?
What is the average and maximum damage in millions for storms that had a max speed over 1000?
What is the total number of deaths and damage for all storms with a max speed greater than the average?
What are the names of regions that were not affected?
What is the storm name and max speed which affected the greatest number of regions?
What are the names of storms that did not affect any regions?
What are the names of storms that both affected two or more regions and affected a total of 10 or more cities?
What are the names of storms that did not affect two or more regions?
What are the region names affected by the storm with a number of deaths of least 10?
What are the names of regions with two or more storms?
What are the names of regions that were affected by the storm in which the most people died?
What are the names of the storms that affected both the regions of Afghanistan and Albania?
What are the maximum and minimum population of the counties?
Who is the delegate of district 1 in the elections?
Who are the lieutenant governor and comptroller from the democratic party?
Who were the governors of the parties associated with delegates from district 1?
Who were the comptrollers of the parties associated with the delegates from district 1 or district 2?
What are the names of parties that do not have delegates in election?
What are the nationalities and ages of journalists?
What is the average number of years spent working as a journalist?
What is the nationality of the journalist with the largest number of years working?
What are the city name, id, and number of addresses corresponding to the city with the most addressed?
What are the countries that contain 3 or more cities?
What is the total number of customers who use banks in New York City?
What is the average number of customers across banks in the state of Utah?
What are the names of banks in the state of New York?
What are the names and cities of bank branches that offer loans for business?
What are the monthly rentals of student addresses in Texas state?
What are the line 1 and average monthly rentals of all student addresses?
What is the average high temperature for each day of week?
What are the first names, office locations, and departments of all instructors, and also what are the descriptions of the courses they teach?
What is the total number of clubs?
What is the average number of gold medals for clubs?
What are the types of every competition and in which countries are they located?
What are the different years for all competitions that are not of type equal to tournament?
What are the maximum and minimum number of silver medals for all the clubs?
What is the total number of clubs that have less than 10 medals in total?
For each position, what is the average number of points for players in that position?
What are the positions of players whose average number of points scored by that position is larger than 20?
What are the types of competition and number of competitions for that type?
What are the types of competition that have most 5 competitions for that type?
What are the positions of both players that have more than 20 20 points and less than 10 points?
What is the number of players who have points less than 30 for each position?
what is the name of the country that participated in the most tournament competitions?
What are the countries that participated in both friendly and tournament type competitions?
What are the countries that have never participated in any friendly-type competitions?
What are the first and last name for those employees who works either in department 70 or 90?
What are the full names of employees who with in department 70 or 90?
What are the job titles, and range of salaries for jobs with maximum salary between 12000 and 18000?
What are the emails of employees with null commission, salary between 7000 and 12000, and who work in department 50?
What are the job ids for jobs done more than once for a period of more than 300 days?
What are the employee ids for employees who have held two or more jobs?
what are the employee ids and job titles for employees in department 80?
What are the ids for employees who do not work in departments with managers that have ids between 100 and 200?
What are the department ids, full names, and salaries for employees who make the most in their departments?
What are full names and salaries of employees working in the city of London?
In 2014, what are the id and rank of the team that has the largest average number of attendance?
What are the three countries that the least players are from?
What are the first name and last name of the players who have weight above 220 or height below 75?
What are the maximum scores the team Boston Red Stockings got when the team won in postseason?
What is the number of wins the team Boston Red Stockings got in the postseasons each year in history?
What is the total number of postseason games that team Boston Red Stockings participated in?
What is the total salary paid by team Boston Red Stockings in 2010?
What is the total salary expenses of team Boston Red Stockings in 2010?
What is the total home game attendance of team Boston Red Stockings from 2000 to 2010?
What are the first name and last name of the players who were paid salary by team Washington Nationals in both 2005 and 2007?
What are the maximum and average height of the mountains?
What are the average prominence of the mountains in country 'Morocco'?
What are the names of the cameras that have taken picture of the most mountains?
List the brands of lenses that took both a picture of mountains with range 'Toubkal Atlas' and a picture of mountains with range 'Lasta Massif'
What are the claim dates and settlement dates of all the settlements?
What are the unique block codes that have available rooms?
What are the names of patients who are staying in room 111 and have an undergoing treatment?
What are the highest cost, lowest cost and average cost of procedures?
Which physicians are trained in procedures that are more expensive than 5000?
What are the procedures that cost more than 1000 or are specialized in by physician John Wen?
What are the nations that have more than two ships?
What are the different fates of the mission that involved ships from the United States?
What are the types of the ships that have both shiips with tonnage more than 6000 and those with tonnage less than 4000?
What are the headquarters and industries of all companies?
What is the maximum and minimum market value of companies?
What are the low and high estimates of film markets?
What are the types of film market estimations in year 1995?
What are the countries for each market ordered by decreasing number of cities?
What is the average number of cities of markets with low film market estimate bigger than 10000?
Give the average number of cities within markets that had a low market estimation larger than 10000?
What are the countries of markets and their corresponding years of market estimation?
What are the years of film market estimation for the market of Japan, ordered by year descending?
What are the codes of the locations with at least three documents?
List from which date and to which date these staff work: project staff of the project which hires the most staffs
From what date and to what date do the staff work on a project that has the most staff and has staff in a leader role?
What is the organisation type and id of the organisation which has the most number of research staff?
What is the type and id of the organization that has the most research staff?
What is the type of the organization with the most research staff?
What are the details for all projects that did not hire any staff in a research role?
What are the details and id of the project with the most outcomes?
What are the ids, types, and details of the organization with the most research staff?
What is the last date of the staff leaving the projects?
What is the id of the organization with the maximum number of outcomes and how many outcomes are there?
What are the details for the projects which were launched by the organization with the most projects?
What are the staff roles of the staff who
Who is the person whose age is below 30?
How many people whose age is greater 30 and job is engineer?
Find the name of the person who has friends with age above 40 and under age 30?
What are the names of every person who has a friend over 40 and under 30?
Find the name of the person who has friends with age above 40 but not under age 30?
What are the names of the people who are older 40 but no friends under age 30?
Who has a friend that is from new york city?
What are the different names of friends who are younger than the average age for a friend?
Whare the names, friends, and ages of all people who are older than the average age of a person?
What is the total number of people who have no friends living in Austin?
What are the codes of types of documents of which there are for or more?
What are the names of documents that have both one of the three most common types and one of three most common structures?
What is the stories of highest building?
What is the location of the festival with the largest number of audience?
What are the maximum and minumum grade points?
What are the first and last names of the instructors who teach the top 3 number of courses?
What are the names of departments either in division AS, or in division EN and in building NEB?
What are the ids and names of department stores with both marketing and managing departments?
What are the ids of the two department store chains with the largest number of department stores?
What is the average number of international passengers of all airports?
What is the average number of international passengers for an airport?
What are the number of international and domestic passengers of the airport named London "Heathrow"?
What are the total number of domestic passengers at all London airports?
What is the maximum and mininum number of transit passengers for all airports?
What is all the information on the airport with the largest number of international passengers?
What are the distinct move in dates of the residents?
What is the average enrollment of schools?
What are the different district names in order of descending city area?
What are the district names and city populations for all districts that between 200,000 and 2,000,000 residents?
What are the names of all districts with a city area greater than 10 or have more than 100000 people living there?
What is the total number of residents for the districts with the 3 largest areas?
What are the names of all the stores in the largest district by population?
What is the total population for all the districts that have an area larger tahn the average city area?
What are the names of the districts that have both mall and village store style shops?
What is the number of colleges with a student population greater than 15000?
What is the average training hours of all players?
What are the names and number of hours spent training for each player who trains for less than 1500 hours?
What is the average, maximum, and minimum for the number of hours spent training?
What is average enrollment of colleges in the state FL?
What are the names of players whose training hours is between 500 and 1500?
Who are the players that have names containing the letter a?
What are the names and enrollment numbers for colleges that have more than 10000 enrolled and are located in Louisiana?
What is minimum hours of the students playing in different position?
What are the different states that have students trying out?
What are the different states that had students successfully try out?
What are the names of all the players who received a yes during tryouts, and also what are the names of their colleges?
What are the states of the colleges where students who tried out for the striker position attend?
What is the average and maximum number of hours students who made the team practiced?
What is the maximum training hours for the students whose training hours is greater than 1000 in different positions?
How many students are enrolled in colleges that have student accepted during tryouts, and in which states are those colleges?
What are the names of colleges in LA that have more than 15,000 students and of colleges in AZ with less than 13,000 students?
What are the names of the states that have some college students playing in the positions of goalie and mid-field?
What are the names of the schools with some players in the mid position but no goalies?
What is the count of states with college students playing in the mid position but not as goalies?
What are the states with colleges that have enrollments less than the some other college?
What are the names of the colleges that are larger than at least one college in Florida?
What is the total number of enrollment of schools that do not have any goalie player?
What is the number of states that has some college whose enrollment is larger than the average enrollment?
What is the number of states that has some colleges whose enrollment is smaller than the average enrollment?
What is the average quantity of stocks?
What is the software platform that is most common amongst all devices?
What are the names of the drama workshop groups with address in Feliciaberg city?
What are the email addresses of the drama workshop groups with address in Alaska state?
What is the most frequent status of bookings?
What are the average, maximum and total revenues of all companies?
What is the sum of revenue from companies with headquarters in Austin?
What are the names of companies with revenue between 100 and 150?
What is the total revenue of all companies whose main office is at Tokyo or Taiwan?
What are the names and revenues of the companies with the highest revenues in each headquarter city?
What are the id of problems reported by the staff named Dameon Frami or Jolie Weber?
What is the number of branches that have more than the average number of memberships?
What are the different cities that have more than 100 memberships?
What are the opening years in which at least two shops opened?
What are the minimum and maximum membership amounts for all branches that either opened in 2011 or are located in London?
What is the membership level with the most people?
What are the names and cities of the branches that do not have any registered members?
What are the cities that have a branch that opened in 2001 and a branch with more than 100 members?
What are the cities that do not have any branches with more than 100 members?
What are the names of the branches that have some members with a hometown in Louisville, Kentucky and also those from Hiram, Goergia?
What are the distinct secretary votes in the fall election cycle?
What are the distinct first names of the students who have vice president votes and reside in a city whose city code is not PIT?
What are the descriptions of the categories that products with product descriptions that contain the letter t are in?
What is the average capacity of the stadiums that were opened in year 2005?
What is the maximum level of managers in countries that are not "Australia"?
What is the first name of the students who are in age 20 to 25 and living in PHL city?
What is the average age for each city and what are those cities?
What is the average and total capacity for all dorms who are of gender X?
What are the names and types of the dorms that have a capacity greater than 300 or less than 100?
What is the last name of every student who is either female or living in a city with the code BAL or male and under 20?
What is the code of the city with the most students?
What are the first and last names of all students who are not living in the city HKG and order the results by age?
How many students are from each city, and which cities have more than one cities?
What is the average age of students who are living in the dorm with the largest capacity?
How many customers are there in the customer type with the most customers?
What are the price ranges of hotels?
What are the price ranges of five star hotels?
What is the average price range of five star hotels that allow pets?
What are the names of the tourist attractions that can be accessed by bus?
What are the names and opening hours of the tourist attractions that can be accessed by bus or walk?
What are the details and ways to get to tourist attractions related to royal family?
What are the details of the markets that can be accessed by walk or bus?
What are the details and star ratings of the three hotels with the lowest price ranges?
What are the names and ids of the tourist attractions that are visited at most once?
What are the names of tourist attractions that can be reached by walk or is at address 660 Shea Crescent?
What are the names of the tourist attractions that have parking or shopping as their feature details?
What are the names of tourist attractions that can be reached by bus or is at address 254 Ottilie Junction?
What are the names of the tourist attractions Vincent and Marcelle visit?
What are the average, minimum, and max ages for each of the different majors?
What are the dates when customers with ids between 10 and 20 became customers?
What are the cities no customers live in?
What are the lengths and heights of roller coasters?
What is the average speed of roller coasters?
What are the country names, area and population which has both roller coasters with speed higher
What are the average and minimum age of captains in different class?
What are the ranks of captains that are both in the Cutter and Armed schooner classes?
What are the ranks of captains that have no captain that are in the Third-rate ship of the line class?
What is id of the city that hosted events in the most recent year?
What are the three largest cities in terms of regional population?
Which cities have lower temperature in March than in July and have been once host cities?
What are the GDP and population of the city that already served as a host more than once?
What is the name of organization that has the greatest number of contact individuals?
What is the maximum, minimum and average years spent working on a school bus?
How many drivers are from Hartford city or younger than 40?
What is maximum group equity shareholding of the companies?
What are the distinct types of the companies that have operated any flights with velocity less than 200?
What is the most common company type, and how many are there?
What are the names of projects that require between 100 and 300 hours?
What are the names of scientists who are not working on the project with the most hours?
What are the areas and counties for all appelations?
What are the prices of wines produced before the year of 2010?
What are the distinct names of wines that have appellations in the North Coast area?
What is the average price of wines produced in appelations in Sonoma County?
What is the maximum price of wines from the appelation in the Central Coast area, which was produced before 2005?
What are the wines that have prices higher than 50 and made of Red color grapes?
What are the names of wines made from red grapes and with prices above 50?
What are the wines that have prices lower than 50 and have appelations in Monterey county?
What is the average prices of wines for each each?
What is the area of the appelation that produces the highest number of wines before the year of 2010?
What is the area for the appelation which produced the most wines prior to 2010?
What are the distinct wineries which produce wines costing between 50 and 100?
What are the average prices and cases of wines produced in the year of 2009 and made of Zinfandel grape?
What are the countries for appelations with at most 3 wines?
What are the names of wines whose production year are before the year of all wines by Brander winery?
What are the names of wines produced before any wine from the Brander winery?
What are the grapes, wineries and years for wines with price higher than 100, sorted by year?
What are the appelations for wines produced after 2008 but not in the Central Coast area?
What is the average price for wines not produced in Sonoma county?
What is the county that produces the most wines scoring higher than 90?
What is the average and maximum number of total passengers for train stations in London or Glasgow?
In which city do the most employees live and how many of them live there?
What are the names of the states that have 2 to 4 employees living there?
What is the id and detail of the vehicle used in lessons for most of the times?
What is the number of airlines based in Russia?
What is the maximum elevation of all airports in the country of Iceland?
What is the highest elevation of an airport in the country of Iceland?
What are the names of all airports whose elevation is between -50 and 50?
What is the name and city of the airport that the most routes end at?
What is the name and city of the airport from most of the routes start?
What is the number of different different airports that are destinations for American Airlines?
What is the number of airports per country, ordered from most to least?
What is the number of cities in the United States with more than 3 airports?
What is the count of cities with more than 3 airports?
What are the names of all cities with more than one airport and how many airports do they have?
What are the cities that have more than 2 airports sorted by number of airports?
For each country, what is the average elevation of that country's airports?
What are the cities with exactly two airports?
What is the total number of routes for each country and airline in that country?
What is the number of routes whose destinations are Italian airports?
What is the number of routes operated by the airline American Airlines whose destinations are in Italy?
What is the number of routes that end at John F Kennedy International Airport?
What is the id of the routes whose source and destination airports are in the United States?
What is the name of the airport that is the destination of the most number of routes that start in China?
What is the maximum length in meters for the bridges and what are the architects' names?
What is the average length in feet of the bridges?
What are the distinct names and nationalities of the architects who have ever built a mill?
What are the distinct types of mills that are built by American or Canadian architects?
What are the ids, names and genders of the architects who built two bridges or one mill?
What are the distinct name of the mills built by the architects who have also built a bridge longer than 80 meters?
What is the most common mill type, and how many are there?
