Count the number of farms.
Count the number of different statuses.
Give me the dates when the max temperature was higher than 85.
From the trip record, find the number of unique bikes.
Find all the zip codes in which the max dew point have never reached 70.
Count the number of actors.
Return the most frequent result across all musicals.
Find the number of tweets in record.
Find the number of users who posted some tweets.
Find the names of users who have more than one tweet.
Find the name of each user and number of tweets tweeted by each of them.
Find the name of the user who tweeted more than once, and number of tweets tweeted by them.
Find the average number of followers for the users who had some tweets.
Find the names of all the catalog entries.
Find the catalog publisher that has the most catalogs.
Find the dates on which more than one revisions were made.
On which days more than one revisions were made on catalogs.
Find the total number of catalog contents.
Show all allergies with type food.
List the names of editors who are older than 25.
Count the number of accounts.
Count the number of customers who hold an account.
Count the number of customers.
Count the number of tracks.
Count the number of races.
Find the number of members living in each address.
Find the number of albums.
Find all the phone numbers.
Count the total number of available services.
Find how many different affiliation types there are.
Count the number of different affiliation types.
Count the number of countries.
Count the number of climbers.
Count the number of different countries that climbers are from.
Count the total number of apartment bookings.
Count the number of classrooms in Lamberton.
Give the name of the department with the lowest budget.
Show the party that has the most people.
Show the names of people that are on affirmative side of debates with number of audience bigger than 200.
Show the names of people and the number of times they have been on the affirmative side of debates.
Show the names of people who have been on the negative side of debates at least twice.
List the names of people that have not been on the affirmative side of debates.
Count the number of distinct claim outcome codes.
Count the number of customers who have an account.
Show the number of customers.
Count the number of transactions.
Count the number of invoices.
Count the number of artists.
Count the number of exhibitions that happened in or after 2005.
Find the number of reviews.
Find the number of items without any review.
Count the number of gymnasts.
Return the names of the gymnasts.
List the names of the top 5 oldest people.
Return the hometown that is most common among gymnasts.
Count the number of different hometowns of these people.
Find the total balance across checking accounts.
Find the average checking balance.
Count the number of wrestlers.
Count the number of schools.
Count the number of cinemas.
Show all directors.
List the distinct carriers of phones with memories bigger than 32.
Count the number of regions.
Count the number of different parties.
Count the number of party events.
find the event names that have more than 2 records.
Count the number of entrepreneurs.
Return the names of entrepreneurs.
Return the name of the heaviest entrepreneur.
List the names of people that are not entrepreneurs.
Count the number of different companies.
Show the company of the tallest entrepreneur.
Find all the campuses opened in 1958.
Count the number of candidates.
Find the number of times ROY SWEAZY has reserved a room.
For each room, find its name and the number of times reservations were made for it.
Count the number of parties.
Compute the average number of hosts for parties.
Show the locations of parties with hosts older than 50.
Count the number of different affected regions.
Find the name of the storm that affected both Afghanistan and Albania regions.
Count the total number of counties.
Count the number of distinct governors.
Find the delegates who are from counties with population below 100000.
Show the names of journalists that have reported more than one event.
List all restaurant types.
Find the number of customers in total.
Count the number of authors.
Count the number of institutions.
Count the number of total papers.
Retrieve the country that has published the most papers.
Find the name of the organization that has published the largest number of papers.
Retrieve the title of the paper that has the largest number of authors.
Count the number of different last names actors have.
Return the most common first name among all actors.
Return the most common full name among all actors.
Count the number of addressed in the California district.
Count the number of cities in Australia.
Count the number of customers who are active.
Count the number of different languages in these films.
Count the number of stores.
Count the number of different film ratings.
Count the number of bank branches.
Find the average number of customers cross all banks.
Count the number of different account types.
Find the count and code of the job has most employees.
Find the total number of employees.
List the most common type of competition.
Find the countries that have never participated in any competition with Friendly type.
Count the number of programs.
Count the number of programs broadcast for each time section of a day.
Count the number of distinct channel owners.
Tell me the the date when the first claim was made.
Compute the total amount of settlement across all the settlements.
Count the total number of settlements made.
Find the total claimed amount of all the claims.
Find the department with the most employees.
Count the number of patients who stayed in room 112.
Find the number of patients' prescriptions physician John Dorian made.
Find the patient who most recently stayed in room 111.
Find the name of the nurse who has the largest number of appointments.
Find the number of medications prescribed for each brand.
Tell me the highest, lowest, and average cost of procedures.
Find the three most expensive procedures.
Find the physicians who are trained in a procedure that costs more than 5000.
Which physician was trained in the procedure that costs the most.
Count how many appointments have been made in total.
Count the number of films.
Count the number of all the calendar items.
Show the number of locations.
Count the total number of roles listed.
Find the number of employees we have.
Count the total number of clubs.
Count the total number of students.
Find the person who has exactly one friend.
Find the female friends of Alice.
Find Alice's friends of friends.
Count the number of users that are logged in.
Count the number of companies.
Compute the average profits companies make.
Count the number of distinct company industries.
List the industry shared by the most companies.
Count the number of courses.
Count the number of courses with more than 2 credits.
Find the name of the department that has the fewest members.
Count the number of distinct product types.
Count the number of stores the chain South has.
Count the number of devices.
Count the number of different software platforms.
Count the total number of bookings made.
Count the number of customers recorded.
Tell me the name of the most pricy product.
Find the number of bands.
Count the number of songs.
Find all the vocal types.
Return the founder of Sony.
Return the number of companies created by Andy.
Find the total revenue of companies of each founder.
Find the number of voting records in total.
Find the distinct number of president votes.
Count the number of products.
Count the number of colors.
Count the number of characteristics.
List countries that have more than one swimmer.
Find the names of stadiums which have never had any event.
Find the name of the swimmer who has the most records.
Find the names of stadiums that some Australian swimmers have been to.
Find the names of stadiums that the most swimmers have been to.
Find all details for each swimmer.
Count the number of different complaint type codes.
Count the number of submissions.
Find the number of investors in total.
Count the number of distinct names associated with the photos.
Count the number of tourists who did not visit any place.
Retrieve the list of all cities.
Count the number of distinct artists who have volumes.
Return the result that is most frequent at music festivals.
Count the number of artists who have had volumes.
List the status shared by more than two roller coaster.
Count the number of ships.
Give me the temperature of Shanghai in January.
Find the name of the most popular party form.
Find the name of the youngest organization.
Count the number of services.
Count the number of cities in the state of Colorado.
Return the name of the organization which has the most contact individuals.
Count the number of statements.
Count the number of documents.
Count the number of budget codes.
Count the number of documents with expenses.
Find the total number of scientists.
Find the total hours of all projects.
Count the number of different scientists assigned to any project.
Find the average hours of all projects.
Find the name of project that continues for the longest time.
Count the number of wines produced at Robert Biale winery.
Count the number of appelations in Napa County.
Count the number of female Professors we have.
Find the number of activities Mark Giuliano is involved in.
Count the number of book clubs.
Return the publisher that has published the most books.
Count the number of different directors.
