Show the name and number of employees for the departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is 'Yes'?
Show the census ranking of cities whose status are not "Village".
Find id of candidates whose assessment code is "Pass"?
Show the prices of publications whose publisher is either "Person" or "Wiley"
Show names of actors that have appeared in musical with name "The Phantom of the Opera".
Show the nominees that have nominated musicals for both "Tony Award" and "Drama Desk Award".
Show the musical nominee with award "Bob Fosse" or "Cleavant Derricks".
Find the emails of the user named "Mary".
Find the names of users whose emails contain ‘superstar’ or ‘edu’.
Return the text of tweets about the topic 'intern'.
Find the names of the users whose number of followers is greater than that of the user named "Tyler Swift".
Find the attribute data type for the attribute named "Green".
Find all the catalog publishers whose name contains "Murray"
Find the entry name of the catalog with the highest price (in USD).
Find the level name of the catalog with the lowest price (in USD).
Find the names of all the products whose stock number starts with "2".
Find the name and capacity of products with price greater than 700 (in USD).
List the name of albums that are released by aritist whose name has 'Led'
Show the date valid from and the date valid to for the card with card number '4560596484842'.
Show the account id and the number of transactions for each account
Give the names of tracks that do not have a race in the class 'GT'.
Find the title of all the albums of the artist "AC/DC".
Find the number of albums by the artist "Metallica".
Find the name of the artist who made the album "Balls to the Wall".
Find the names of all the tracks that contain the word "you".
Count the number of customers that have an email containing "gmail.com".
Count the number of tracks that are of the media type "AAC audio file".
Count the total number of policies used by the customer named "Dayana Robel".
Tell me the types of the policy used by the customer named "Dayana Robel".
Find the names of customers who have used either the service "Close a policy" or the service "Upgrade a policy".
Find the names of customers who have used both the service "Close a policy" and the service "New policy application".
Find the IDs of customers whose name contains "Diana".
Retrieve the open and close dates of all the policies associated with the customer whose name contains "Diana"
Show the medicine names and trade names that cannot interact with the enzyme with product 'Heme'.
Find how many school locations have the word 'NY'.
Find the Char cells, Pixels and Hardware colours for the screen of the phone whose hardware model name is "LG-P760".
List the hardware model name and company name for the phone whose screen mode type is "Graphics."
List the hardware model name for the phones that were produced by "Nokia Corporation" or whose screen mode type is "Graphics."
Show all official native languages that contain the word "English".
Show the positions of the players from the team with name "Ryley Goldner".
Show the players and years played for players from team "Columbus Crew".
Show the distinct names of mountains climbed by climbers from country "West Germany".
Show the short names of the buildings managed by "Emma".
Show the addresses and phones of all the buildings managed by "Brenden".
Find all the building full names containing the word "court".
Return the apartment numbers of the apartments with type code "Flat".
Return the first names and last names of all guests
Return the date of birth for all the guests with gender code "Male".
Return the booking start date and end date for the apartments that have type code "Duplex".
Tell me the booking status code for the apartment with number "Suite 634".
Show the distinct apartment numbers of the apartments that have bookings with status code "Confirmed".
Show the average room count of the apartments that have booking status code "Provisional".
Show the start dates and end dates of all the apartment bookings made by guests with gender code "Female".
Show the first names and last names of all the guests that have apartment bookings with status code "Confirmed".
Show the total number of rooms of all apartments with facility code "Gym".
Find the total number of rooms in the apartments that have facility code "Gym".
Show the total number of rooms of the apartments in the building with short name "Columbus Square".
Show the apartment type codes and apartment numbers in the buildings managed by "Kyle".
Show the apartment numbers of apartments with bookings that have status code both "Provisional" and "Confirmed"
Show the attendances of the performances at location "TD Garden" or "Bell Centre"
Show the dates of performances with attending members whose roles are "Violin".
Find the department name of the instructor whose name contains 'Soisalon'.
Find all the policy type codes associated with the customer "Dayana Robel"
Find the names of customers whose name contains "Diana".
Find the description of the claim status "Open".
Show the id, the account name, and other account details for all accounts by the customer with first name 'Meaghan'.
Show the pair of male and female names in all weddings after year 2014
Find the id of the item whose title is "orange".
List the titles of all items in alphabetic order .
List the name and residence for players whose occupation is not "Researcher".
Show the names of sponsors of players whose residence is either "Brandon" or "Birtle".
Show the residences that have both a player of gender "M" and a player of gender "F".
Find the balance of the checking account belonging to an owner whose name contains 'ee'.
List the names of the browser that are compatible with both 'CACHEbox' and 'Fasterfox'.
Show the accelerator names and supporting operating systems that are not compatible with the browser named 'Opera'.
give me names of all compatible browsers and accelerators in the descending order of compatible year
Show the teams that have both wrestlers eliminated by "Orton" and wrestlers eliminated by "Benjamin".
Show the times of elimination by "Punk" or "Orton".
Show the names of donors who donated to both school "Glenn" and "Triton."
Show the names and locations of institutions that are founded after 1990 and have the type "Private".
Count the number of films whose title contains the word 'Dummy'.
Show the names of phones with carrier either "Sprint" or "TMobile".
Show the names of pilots from team "Bradley" or "Fordham".
List the name of technicians whose team is not "NYY".
Show the starting years shared by technicians from team "CLE" and "CWS".
Find the average height and weight for all males (sex is M).
Return the decor of the room named "Recluse and defiance".
Show the first year and last year of parties with theme "Spring" or "Teqnology".
Show all storm names affecting region "Denmark".
Show the zip code of the county with name "Howard".
Find the distinct years when the governor was named "Eliot Spitzer".
Show the names of journalists from "England" or "Wales".
Find the ids of orders whose status is 'Success'.
Find the titles of all the papers written by "Jeremy Gibbons"
Find all the papers published by "Aaron Turon".
Find the titles of all the papers written by "Aaron Turon".
Find the first names and last names of the authors whose institution affiliation is "University of Oxford".
Find the first names and last names of the authors whose institution affiliation is "Google".
Find the first and last name of the author(s) who wrote the paper "Nameless, Painless".
List the titles of the papers whose authors are from the institution "Indiana University".
Find all the papers published by the institution "Google".
Find the number of papers published by authors from the institution "Tokohu University".
Find the number of papers published by the institution "University of Pennsylvania".
Find papers whose second author has last name "Turon" and is affiliated with an institution in the country "USA".
Find the titles of the papers that contain the word "ML".
Find the first names of all the authors who have written a paper with title containing the word "Functional".
Find the last names of all the authors that have written a paper with title containing the word "Monadic".
Find the last name of the author with first name "Amal".
Give me a list of all the last names of authors sorted in alphabetical order
Give the phone and postal code corresponding to the address '1031 Daugavpils Parkway'.
Return the first names of customers who did not rented a film after the date '2005-08-23 02:06:01'.
Find the first names of teachers whose email address contains the word "man".
Find the id and last name of the teacher that has the most detentions with detention type code "AFTER"?
Find the dates of assessment notes for students with first name "Fanny".
Find the texts of assessment notes for teachers with last name "Schuster".
Find the start and end dates of behavior incidents of students with last name "Fahey".
Find the start and end dates of detentions of teachers with last name "Schultz".
Find the name of department that offers the class whose description has the word "Statistics".
Show the names of clubs that have players with position "Right Wing".
Display the first name, and department number for all employees whose last name is "McEwen".
display the employee id and salary of all employees who report to Payam (first name).
Compute the average salary of the players in the team called 'Boston Red Stockings'.
Count the number of players who were born in USA and have bats information 'R'.
Find the average height of the players who belong to the college called 'Yale University'.
Find the number of team franchises that are active (have 'Y' as "active" information).
Show the name and prominence of the mountains whose picture is not taken by a lens of brand 'Sigma'.
List the camera lens names containing substring "Digital".
List the names of all the channels owned by either CCTV or HBS
Return the description for the courses named "database".
Return the addresses of the course authors or tutors whose personal name is "Cathrine".
Find the dates of the tests taken with result "Pass".
Return the login names of the students whose family name is "Ward".
Find the latest logon date of the students whose family name is "Jaskolski" or "Langosh".
Find the login name of the course author that teaches the course with name "advanced database".
Find the addresses of the course authors who teach the course with name "operating system" or "data structure".
Find the names of courses taught by the tutor who has personal name "Julio".
Find the names and descriptions of courses that belong to the subject named "Computer Science".
List the dates of enrollment and completion of the student with personal name "Karson".
List the dates of enrollment and completion of the student with family name "Zieme" and personal name "Bernie".
Find the student ID and login name of the student with the most course enrollments
Find the name of physicians whose position title contains the word 'senior'.
List the name of ships whose nationality is not "United States".
Show the distinct fate of missions that involve ships with nationality "United States"
List the name of ships that are not involved in any mission
Show the names of companies and the number of employees they have
List the names of people that are not employed by any company
Show the studios that have produced films with director "Nicholas Meyer" and "Walter Hill".
Find the titles and studios of the films that are produced by some film studios that contained the word "Universal".
Show the studios that have not produced films with director "Walter Hill".
Find the code of the document type "Paper".
Find the document type name of the document named "How to read a book".
Show the location code of the country "Canada".
Find the name and description of the role with code "MG".
Show the description for role name "Proof Reader".
Show the name, role code, and date of birth for the employee with name 'Armani'.
Show the names of all the employees with role "HR".
Find the names of all the employees whose the role name is "Editor".
Show the employee ids for all employees with role name "Human Resource" or "Manager".
Show the location name for document "Robin CV".
Find the starting date and ending data in location for the document named "Robin CV".
Find the last names of the members of the club "Bootup Baltimore".
Return the last name for the members of the club named "Hopkins Student Enterprises".
Count the members of the club "Tennis Club".
Find the number of members of club "Pen and Paper Gaming".
Give me the first name and last name for all the female members of the club "Bootup Baltimore".
Find the club which has the largest number of members majoring in "600".
Find the description of the club called "Tennis Club".
Find the description of the club "Pen and Paper Gaming".
Find the location of the club "Pen and Paper Gaming".
Tell me the location of the club "Hopkins Student Enterprises".
Find the name of all the clubs at "AKW".
Count the number of clubs located at "HHH".
Find the first name and last name for the "CTO" of the club "Hopkins Student Enterprises"?
Count the number of different positions in the club "Bootup Baltimore".
Find the names of all the clubs that have at least a member from the city with city code "BAL".
Find the names of the clubs that have at least a member from the city with city code "HOU".
List the clubs that have at least a member with advisor "1121".
Find the average age of the members in the club "Bootup Baltimore".
Find the average age of members of the club "Hopkins Student Enterprises".
Retrieve the average age of members of the club "Tennis Club".
Compute the average age of the members in the club "Tennis Club".
Find the organisation ids and details of the organisations which are involved in
List the project details of the projects with the research outcome described with the substring 'Published'.
Find the organisation type description of the organisation detailed as 'quo'.
List the project details of the projects launched by the organisation
Show the names of members whose country is "United States" or "Canada".
Show the distinct leader names of colleges associated with members from country "Canada".
Return the type code of the document named "David CV".
Give the section titles of the document with the name "David CV".
Find the average access counts of documents with functional area "Acknowledgement".
List all the document names which contains "CV".
Find the names of the companies whose headquarters are not located in "USA".
Sort all the industries in descending order of the count of companies in each industry
Show the industries shared by companies whose headquarters are "USA" and companies whose headquarters are "China".
Find the number of companies whose industry is "Banking" or "Conglomerate",
Show the prices of the products named "Dining" or "Trading Policy".
List the name of artworks whose type is not "Program Talent Show".
Show the names of festivals that have nominated artworks of type "Program Talent Show".
Show the name and phone for customers with a mailshot with outcome code 'No Response'.
Show the names of customers who have at least 2 mailshots with outcome code 'Order'.
Find the number of students that have at least one grade "B".
Find the first names of students whose first names contain letter "a".
Find the department name that is in Building "Mergenthaler".
Find the first name and last name of the instructor of course that has course name
Please show the names of aircrafts associated with airport with name "London Gatwick".
Show the names of aircrafts that are associated with both an airport named "London Heathrow" and an airport named "London Gatwick"
Find the list of page size which have more than 3 product listed
Find the name and population of district with population between 200000 and 2000000
Find the name all districts with city area greater than 10 or population larger than 100000
Find all the product whose name contains the word "Scanner".
Find the players whose names contain letter 'a'.
List the open date of open year of the shop named "Apple".
Find the phone number and email address of customer "Harold".
Find the phone number of performer "Ashley".
List the distinct payment method codes with the number of orders made
What are the states or counties of the address of the stores with marketing region code "CA"?
Compute the total order quantities of the product "photo".
List the actual delivery date for all the orders with quantity 1
Check the invoices record and compute the average quantities ordered with the payment method "MasterCard".
Find all the stage positions of the musicians with first name "Solveig"
Find all the songs performed by artist with last name "Heilo"
Find all the songs produced by artists with first name "Marianne".
Find all the songs whose name contains the word "the".
Find the number of vocal types used in song "Le Pop"
Find the founder of the company whose name begins with the letter 'S'.
Select the name and price of all products with a price larger than or equal to $180, and sort first by price (in descending order), and then by name  (in ascending order).
list the card number of all members whose hometown address includes word "Kentucky".
Show the advisors of the students whose city of residence has city code "BAL".
Return the names of products in the category 'Spices'.
List the names, color descriptions and product descriptions of products with category "Herbs".
Count the number of products in the category 'Seeds'.
Return the category code and typical price of 'cumin'.
Give the name of the products that have a color description 'yellow'.
Find the category descriptions of the products whose descriptions include letter 't'.
Give the color description for the product 'catnip'.
Return the color code and description for the product with the name 'chervil'.
List all the product names with the color description "white".
List all the characteristic names and data types of product "cumin".
List all characteristics of product named "sesame" with type code "Grade".
Count the number of characteristics of the product named 'laurel'.
Find the name of the products that have the color description "red" and have the characteristic name "fast".
List the all the distinct names of the products with the characteristic name 'warm'.
Find the number of the products that have their color described as "red" and have a characteristic named "slow".
Count the products that have the color description "white" or have the characteristic name "hot".
Find the product category description of the product category with code "Spices".
Give the unit of measure for the product with the name 'cumin'.
Find the unit of measurement and product category code of product named "chervil".
Find the product names that are colored 'white' but do not have unit of measurement "Handful".
Find all 200 meter and 300 meter results of swimmers with nationality "Australia".
Find the names of swimmers who has a result of "win".
Find the name of dorms only for female (F gender).
Find the name of dorms that do not have any amenity
Find the total number of students living in the male dorm (with gender M).
Find the number of female students (with F sex) living in Smith Hall
Return the description of the product called "Chocolate".
Find the last name of the staff whose email address contains "wrau".
Find the address line 1 and 2 of the customer with email "vbogisich@example.org".
Show the names of authors from college "Florida" or "Temple"
Show all transaction ids with transaction code 'PUR'.
Show all dates of transactions whose type code is "SALE".
Show the average amount of transactions with type code "SALE".
Show the description of transaction type with code "PUR".
Show the maximum share count of transactions where the amount is smaller than 10000
Show the ids and details of the investors who have at least two transactions with type code "SALE".
Find the address of the location named "UK Gallery".
Return the detail of the location named "UK Gallery".
Find all the locations whose names contain the word "film".
Find the names and descriptions of the photos taken at the tourist attraction called "film festival".
Tell me the name of the staff in charge of the attraction called "US museum".
Find the visit date and details of the tourist whose detail is 'Vincent'
Show the tourist attractions visited by the tourist whose detail is 'Vincent'.
Count the number of video games with Massively multiplayer online game type .
Show all student IDs with the number of sports and total number of games played
Find the name of all customers whose name contains "Alex".
Find the detail of products whose detail contains the word "Latte" or the word "Americano"
Return the address content for the customer whose name is "Maudie Kertzmann".
List all the distinct cities
Find the contact channel code that was used by the customer named "Tillman Ernser".
Return the the "active to date" of the latest contact channel used by the customer named "Tillman Ernser".
Tell me the total quantity of products bought by the customer called "Rodrick Heaney".
Find the customer name and date of the orders that have the status "Delivered".
What are the customer name and date of the orders whose status is "Delivered".
Return the dates of ceremony and the results of all music festivals
Return the categories of music festivals that have the result "Awarded".
Return the dates of ceremony corresponding to music festivals that had the category "Best Song" and result "Awarded".
List the names of countries whose language is not "German".
Find the venue of the competition "1994 FIFA World Cup qualification" which was hosted by "Nanjing ( Jiangsu )".
Find the payment method and phone of the party with email "enrico09@example.com".
Find the last name of the latest contact individual of the organization "Labour Party".
Find the name of organizations whose names contain "Party".
Give the state corresponding to the line number building "6862 Kaitlyn Knolls".
List the document type code, document name, and document description for the document with name 'Noel CV' or name 'King Book'.
Show the document name and the document date for all documents on project with details 'Graph Database project'.
Show the statement detail and the corresponding document name for the statement with detail 'Private Project'.
Return the description of the document type name 'Film'.
Give the details of the project with the document name 'King Book'.
Give the ids of documents with expenses that have the budget code 'SF'.
Show ids for all documents with budget types described as 'Government'.
Give the ids for documents that have the budget description 'Government'.
Give the dates of creation for documents that have both budget type codes 'GV' and 'SF'.
Show the number of trains
List all vehicle id
List lesson id of all lessons taught by staff with first name as Janessa, last name as Sawayn and nickname containing letter 's'.
Find the country of the airlines whose name starts with 'Orbit'.
Find the number of airports whose name contain the word 'International'.
Return the number of routes with destination airport in Italy operated by the airline with name 'American Airlines'.
Find the id of the order whose shipment tracking number is "3452".
List the name of all the distinct customers who have orders with status "Packing".
Find the details of all the distinct customers who have orders with status "On Road".
Give me a list of id and status of orders which belong to the customer named "Jeramie".
Find the dates of orders which belong to the customer named "Jeramie".
Find the names of the customers who have order status both "On Road" and "Shipped".
Find the id of the customers who have order status both "On Road" and "Shipped".
List the names of the customers who have once bought product "food".
List the names of customers who have once canceled the purchase of the product "food" (the item status is "Cancel").
