which course has most number of registered students?
What is the name of the course with the most registered students?
What are the ids of the students who registered for some courses but had the least number of courses for all students?
What are the  ids of every student who has never attended a course?
What are the ids of all students who have attended at least one course?
What are the ids of all students for courses and what are the names of those courses?
What is detail of the student who most recently registered course?
What details do we have on the students who registered for courses most recently?
How many courses do the student whose id is 171 attend?
How many courses does the student with id 171 actually attend?
What is the id of the candidate who most recently accessed the course?
What is detail of the student who registered the most number of courses?
What are the details of the student who registered for the most number of courses?
List the id of students who registered some courses and the number of their registered courses?
For every student who is registered for some course, how many courses are they registered for?
How many registed students do each course have? List course name and the number of their registered students?
For each course id, how many students are registered and what are the course names?
What are the id of students who registered course 301?
What are the ids of the students who registered for course 301?
What is the id of the student who most recently registered course 301?
What are the ids of the students who registered for course 301 most recently?
What are the different cities where students live?
What are the names of the courses in alphabetical order?
What are the id of students who registered courses or attended courses?
What are the ids of the students who either registered or attended a course?
What are the ids of the courses that are registered or attended by the student whose id is 121?
What are all info of students who registered courses but not attended courses?
What are all details of the students who registered but did not attend any course?
What are the ids of the students who registered course statistics by order of registration date?
What is the count of distinct employees with certificates?
What is the total number of students?
What are the full names of all students
What are the full names and ages for all female students whose sex is F?
What are the student ids for all male students?
What are the student ids for students over 20 years old?
What is the minimum, mean, and maximum age across all students?
What is the last name of the youngest student?
What student id corresponds to the oldest student?
How many students are there for each major?
How old is each student and how many students are each age?
What are the average ages for male and female students?
How many students who are female are allergic to milk or eggs?
What are the last names and ages of the students who are allergic to milk and cat?
What are the first name and gender of the students who have allergy to milk but can put up with cats?
How old are the students with allergies to food and animal types on average?
How many students are over 18 and do not have allergy to food type or animal type?
What are the first name and major of the students who are able to consume soy?
What is the title, phone and hire date of Nancy Edwards?
What is the first and last name of the employee who reports to Nancy Edwards?
What si the youngest employee's first and last name?
What is the name of the youngest editor?
What are the different schools and their nicknames, ordered by their founding years?
What is the founded year of the non public school that was founded most recently?
What is the highest acc percent score in the competition?
What is the primary conference of the school that has the lowest acc percent score in the competition?
What are the enrollment and primary conference for the university which was founded the earliest?
What are the total enrollments of universities of each affiliation type?
What are the names of teams from universities that have a below average enrollment?
What is the maximum enrollment across all schools?
What are the different positions of players from UCLA or Duke colleges?
What are the titles for courses with two prerequisites?
What is the title, credit value, and department name for courses with more than one prerequisite?
How many courses that do not have prerequisite?
What are the titles of courses without prerequisites?
what is the name of the instructor who is in Statistics department and earns the lowest salary?
What is the title of a course that is listed in both the Statistics and Psychology departments?
What are the titles of courses that are in the Statistics department but not the Psychology department?
What are the ids of instructors who taught in the Fall of 2009 but not in the Spring of 2010?
What are the names of the students who took classes in 2009 or 2010?
What are the names of the 3 departments with the most courses?
What is the name of the department with the most credits?
What are the names of students and their respective departments, ordered by number of credits from least to greatest?
What are the names of instructors who advise more than one student?
What are the names of students who have more than one advisor?
What are the titles of courses that are offered in more than one department?
What is the year and semester with the most courses?
What is the name of the deparment with the highest enrollment?
What is the id of the instructor who advises of all students from History department?
What are the names and salaries of instructors who advises students in the History department?
What are the names of courses without prerequisites?
What is the title of the prerequisite class of International Finance course?
What is the title of the course with Differential Geometry as a prerequisite?
What are the names of students who took a course in the Fall of 2003?
What is the title of the course that was offered at building Chandler during the fall semester in the year of 2010?
What are the names of instructors who have taught C Programming courses?
What are the names and salaries of instructors who advise students in the Math department?
What is the course title of the prerequisite of course Mobile Computing?
What is the title of the course that is a prerequisite for Mobile Computing?
What is the name of the instructor who advises the student with the greatest number of total credits?
What are the names of instructors who didn't teach courses in the Spring?
How many instructors are in the department with the highest budget, and what is their average salary?
What is the title and credits of the course that is taught in the largest classroom (with the highest capacity)?
What are the names of students who haven't taken any Biology courses?
What are the names of students who have taken the prerequisite for the course International Finance?
What are the names and salaries for instructors who earn less than the average salary of instructors in the Physics department?
What are the names of students who have taken Statistics courses?
What are the building, room number, semester and year of courses in the Psychology department, sorted using course title?
Find the names of all instructors in computer science department
What are the names of all instructors in the Comp. Sci. department?
What are the names of the instructors in the Comp. Sci. department who earn more than 80000?
What are the names of all instructors who have taught a course, as well as the corresponding course id?
What are the names of Art instructors who have taught a course, and the corresponding course id?
What are the ids for courses in the Fall of 2009 or the Spring of 2010?
What are the ids for courses that were offered in both Fall of 2009 and Spring of 2010?
What are the ids of courses offered in Fall of 2009 but not in Spring of 2010?
What are the distinct salaries of all instructors who earned less than the maximum salary?
What are the names of instructors who earn more than at least one instructor from the Biology department?
What are the names of all instructors with a higher salary than any of the instructors in the Biology department?
What is the total point count of the youngest gymnast?
What are the mascots for schools with enrollments above the average?
What is the total budget amount for school "Glenn" in all years?
What is the team and starting year for each technician?
What is the starting year of the oldest technicians?
What is the starting year for the oldest technician?
What are the names of all campuses located at Chico?
What is the campus fee of "San Jose State University" in year 1996?
What is the campus fee for San Jose State University in 1996?
What is the campus fee of "San Francisco State University" in year 1996?
What is the campus fee for San Francisco State University in 1996?
What is the average fee for a CSU campus in the year of 1996?
What is the average fee on a CSU campus in 2005?
What is the average fee for a CSU campus in the year of 2005?
What is the total number of degrees granted after 2000 for each Orange county campus?
What campus had more than 400 total enrollment but more than 200 full time enrollment in year 1956?
What campus started in year 1956, has more than 200 full time students, and more than 400 students enrolled?
What is the number of faculty lines in campus "Long Beach State University" in 2002?
What is the number of faculty at Long Beach State University in 2002?
How many faculty lines are there in the university that conferred the most number of degrees in year 2002?
How many faculty members did the university that conferred the most degrees in 2002 have?
How many faculty lines are there in the university that conferred the least number of degrees in year 2001?
How many faculty members are at the university that gave the least number of degrees in 2001?
What is the number of graduates in "San Francisco State University" in year 2004?
What is the campus fee of "San Francisco State University" in year 2000?
In the year 2000, what is the campus fee for San Francisco State University?
What is the campus fee in the year 2000 for San Jose State University?
What is the sex of the candidate who had the highest unsure rate?
What are the name and the nationality of the host of the highest age?
What is the age of student Linda Smith?
What is the gender of the student Linda Smith?
Find the id and first name of the student that has the most number of assessment notes?
Find the id and last name of the student that has the most behavior incidents?
What are the first names and last names of students with address in Wisconsin state?
What are the line 1 of addresses shared by some students and some teachers?
What is the first and last name of the professor in biology department?
What are the first and last name of all biology professors?
What are the first names and date of birth of professors teaching course ACCT-211?
What are the first names and birthdates of the professors in charge of ACCT-211?
What is the code of the school where the accounting department belongs to?
What is the school code of the accounting department?
How many credits does course CIS-220 have, and what its description?
what is the address of history department?
What are the different locations of the school with the code BUS?
What is the course description and number of credits for QM-261?
What is the number of professors for different school?
How many professors have a Ph.D. in each department?
How many hours do the students spend studying in each department?
What is the highest, lowest, and average student GPA for every department?
What is the name and the average gpa of department whose students have the highest average gpa?
Which department has the highest average student GPA, and what is the average gpa?
How many courses does the department of Computer Information Systmes offer?
What is the number of different class sections offered in the course ACCT-211?
What are the total number of credits offered by each department?
What are the total number of students enrolled in ACCT-211?
What is the first name of each student enrolled in class ACCT-211?
What are the first names of all students in course ACCT-211?
What is the first name of students enrolled in class ACCT-211 and got grade C?
What are the first names of all students who took ACCT-211 and received a C?
What is the total number of professors with a Ph.D. ?
How many students are enrolled in the class taught by some professor from the accounting department?
How many students are enrolled in some classes that are taught by an accounting professor?
What is the name of the department that has the largest number of students enrolled?
What is the name of the department with the most students enrolled?
What are the first names and office locations for all professors sorted alphabetically by first name?
What is the first and last name of the oldest employee?
What is the first, last name, gpa of the youngest one among students whose GPA is above 3?
What is the first and last name of the youngest student with a GPA above 3, and what is their GPA?
What is the first name of students who got grade C in any class?
What are the first names of all students who got a grade C in a class?
What is the name of department where has the smallest number of professors?
What is the name of the department with the fewest professors?
What is the name of department where has the largest number of professors with a Ph.D. degree?
Which department has the most professors with a Ph.D.?
What are the first names of all professors not teaching any classes?
What are the first names of all history professors who do not teach?
What is the last name and office of the professor from the history department?
What are the last name and office of all history professors?
What is department name and office for the professor whose last name is Heffington?
What is the name of the department and office location for the professor with the last name of Heffington?
What is the last name of the professor whose office is located in DRE 102, and when were they hired?
What is the code of the course which the student whose last name is Smithson took?
What are the course codes for every class that the student with the last name Smithson took?
What are the description and credit of the course which the student whose last name is Smithson took?
How many credits is the course that the student with the last name Smithson took, and what is its description?
How many professors who has a either Ph.D. or MA degree?
What is the number of professors who are in the Accounting or Biology departments?
What is the first name of the professor who is teaching CIS-220 and QM-261?
What are the first names of all students taking accoutning and Computer Information Systems classes?
What is the average gpa of the students enrolled in the course with code ACCT-211?
What is the average GPA of students taking ACCT-211?
What is the first name, gpa and phone number of the top 5 students with highest gpa?
What is the first name, GPA, and phone number of the students with the top 5 GPAs?
What is the department name of the students with lowest gpa belongs to?
What is the name of the department with the student that has the lowest GPA?
What is the first name and GPA of every student that has a GPA lower than average?
What is the name and address of the department with the most students?
What is the name, address, and number of students in the departments that have the 3 most students?
What are the first names and office of the professors who are in the history department and have a Ph.D?
What are the first names of all teachers who have taught a course and the corresponding course codes?
What are the first names of all teachers who have taught a course and the corresponding descriptions?
What are the first names, office locations of all lecturers who have taught some course?
What are the names of all students who took a class and the corresponding course descriptions?
What are the names of all students taking a course who received an A or C?
What are the first names of all Accounting professors who teach and what are the classrooms of the courses they teach?
What are the different first names and highest degree attained for professors teaching in the Computer Information Systems department?
What is the last name of the student who received an A in the class with the code 10018?
What are the first names and offices of history professors who don't have Ph.D.s?
What are the first names of all professors who teach more than one class?
What are the first names of student who only took one course?
What is the first name of the student whose last name starting with the letter S and is taking ACCT-211 class?
What is the first name of the student whose last name starts with the letter S and is taking ACCT-211?
What are the first names and department numbers for employees with last name McEwen?
What is the first name and job id for all employees in the Finance department?
What are the full names, departments, cities, and state provinces for each employee?
what is the full name and id of the college with the largest number of baseball players?
What is the average height of the players from the college named 'Yale University'?
What is the address of each course author or tutor?
What are the login names and family names of course author and tutors?
What are all the dates of enrollment and completion in record?
What are the dates of the latest logon of the students with family name "Jaskolski" or "Langosh"?
What are the personal name, family name, and author ID of the course author who teaches the most courses?
What are the names and descriptions of the all courses under the "Computer Science" subject?
What are the subject ID, subject name, and the number of available courses for each subject?
What is the name of the course that has the most student enrollment?
What are the names of the courses that have exactly 1 student enrollment?
What are the descriptions and names of the courses that have student enrollment bigger than 2?
What is the name of each course and the corresponding number of student enrollment?
On what dates did the student whose personal name is "Karson" enroll in and complete the courses?
What are the student ID and login name of the student who are enrolled in the most courses?
What are the student IDs and middle names of the students enrolled in at most two courses?
What are the login names used both by some course authors and some students?
What are the personal names used both by some course authors and some students?
What are the name and primarily affiliated department name of each physician?
What is the name of the patient who made the most recent appointment?
What are the names of procedures physician John Wen was trained in?
What are the last names of students in room 111?
What are the first names of students in room 108?
What are the first names of students studying in room 107?
What are the grade number and classroom number of each class in the list?
what are the last names of the teachers who teach grade 5?
What are the first names of the teachers who teach grade 1?
What are the first name and last name of all the teachers?
Which are the first and last names of the students taught by MARROTTE KIRK?
What are the last names of the teachers who teach the student called GELL TAMI?
What are the first and last names of the first-grade students who are NOT taught by teacher OTHA MOYER?
What are the first names of all the students?
What is the complete description of the job of a researcher?
What is the most common role for the staff?
What is the average age for all person?
What is the average age for all people in the table?
What is the name of the oldest student?
What is the name of the youngest male?
What is the name of the person whose age is below 30?
What is the average age for each gender?
What is average age for different job title?
How old is the average person for each job?
What is average age of male for different job title?
What is the average age for a male in each job?
What is minimum age for different job title?
How old is the youngest person for each job?
What are the names of the people who have no friends who are students?
Who has friends that are older than the average age? Print their friends and their ages as well
What is the age of the friend of Zach with longest year relationship?
What is the name of the person who has the oldest average age for their friends, and what is that average age?
What are the names of courses with 1 credit?
What are the first names for students who have an "a" in their first name?
What are the full names of faculties with sex M and who live in building NEB?
What are the rooms for members of the faculty who are professors and who live in building NEB?
What is the name of the department in the Building Mergenthaler?
What is all the information about courses, ordered by credits ascending?
What are the course names, ordered by credits?
What are the first names of students, ordered by age from greatest to least?
What are the last names of female students, ordered by age descending?
What are the last names of faculty in building Barton, sorted by last name?
What are the first names for all faculty professors, ordered by first name?
What is the name of the department with the most students minoring in it?
What is the name of the department with the fewest members?
What is the least common faculty rank?
What is the full name of the instructor who has a course named COMPUTER LITERACY?
What are the department name and room for the course INTRODUCTION TO COMPUTER SCIENCE?
What are the distinct first names for students with a grade point of 3.8 or above in at least one course?
What are the full names of faculty members who are a part of department 520?
What are the full names of students minoring in department 140?
What are the last names of faculty who are part of the computer science department?
What is the average gradepoint for students with the last name Smith?
What is the maximum and minimum grade point of students who live in NYC?
What are the names of courses that give either 3 credits, or 1 credit and 4 hours?
What are the first names of all students that are not enrolled in courses?
What are the staff ids and genders of all staffs whose job title is Department Manager?
What is the name and job title of the staff who was assigned the latest?
What is id of the staff who had a Staff Department Assignment earlier than any Clerical Staff?
What is the list of school locations sorted in ascending order of school enrollment?
What is the list of school locations sorted in descending order of school foundation year?
What are the enrollments of schools whose denomination is not "Catholic"?
What are the team and the location of school each player belongs to?
What is the denomination of the school the most players belong to?
What are the location and nickname of each school?
What is the school color of the school with the largest enrollment?
Show the denomination shared by schools founded before 1890 and schools founded after 1900
What are the denominations used by both schools founded before 1890 and schools founded  after 1900?
What are the denomination more than one school have?
What is the total enrollment number of all colleges?
What is the average enrollment number?
What is the number of students playing as a goalie?
What is average number of students enrolled in Florida colleges?
What information do you have on colleges sorted by increasing enrollment numbers?
What is the name of every college in alphabetical order that has more than 18000 students enrolled?
What are the different names of the colleges involved in the tryout in alphabetical order?
How many students participated in tryouts for each college by descennding count?
For each position, what is the minimum time students spent practicing?
What is the name of school that has the smallest enrollment in each state?
What is the name of the school with smallest enrollment size per state?
What are the names of all students who tried out in alphabetical order?
What are the names and hours spent practicing of every student who received a yes at tryouts?
What are the names of all students who successfully tried out for the position of striker?
What is the average number of hours spent practicing for students who got rejected?
For each position, what is the maximum number of  hours for students who spent more than 1000 hours training?
What are the names of all tryout participants who are from the largest college?
What are the names of all colleges with a larger enrollment than the largest college in Florida?
What is the total number of students enrolled in schools without any goalies?
What is the oldest age among the students?
What are the last names of students studying major 50?
What are the first names of all the students aged above 22?
What are the majors of male (sex is M) students?
What is the average age of female (sex is F) students?
What are the maximum and minimum age of students with major 600?
What are the distinct last names of the students who have class president votes?
What are the distinct first names of the students who have class president votes?
What are the distinct ages of students who have secretary votes in the fall election cycle?
Who served as an advisor for students who have treasurer votes in the spring election cycle?
What are the distinct majors that students with treasurer votes are studying?
What are the first and last names of all the female students who have president votes?
How many male (sex is M) students have class senator votes in the fall election cycle?
What is the average age of students who have city code "NYC" and have secretary votes for the spring election cycle?
What is the average age of the female students with secretary votes in the spring election cycle?
What are the distinct last names of the students who have president votes but do not have 2192 as the advisor?
What are the distinct last names of the students who have president votes and have 8741 as the advisor?
What are the majors only less than three students are studying?
What is the most common major among female (sex is F) students?
What is the city_code of the city that the most students live in?
What is the average age for all managers?
What are the names of the all-female dorms?
What are the names of all the dorms that can accomdate more than 300 students?
How many female students (sex is F) whose age is below 25?
What are the first names of all students who are older than 20?
What is the total student capacity of all dorms?
What is the student capacity and type of gender for the dorm whose name as the phrase Donor in it?
How many different majors are there and how many different city codes are there for each student?
What is the name of the dorm with both a TV Lounge and Study Room listed as amenities?
What is the name of each dorm that has a TV Lounge but no study rooms?
What is the first and last name of all students who are younger than average?
How many dorms are there and what is the total capacity for each gender?
What is the average and oldest age for each gender of student?
How many students are there in each major?
How many students live in each city and what are their average ages?
What is the average age and how many male students are there in each city?
What is the first and last name of the students who are not in the largest major?
How many students are older than average for each gender?
What is the average age for each dorm and what are the names of each dorm?
What are the first names of all students in Smith Hall?
What are the total number of students who are living in a male dorm?
What is the most common amenity in the dorms?
What are the first names of all students who live in the dorm with the most amenities?
What are the first and last names of all students who are living in a dorm with a TV Lounge?
What is the first name and age of every student who lives in a dorm with a TV Lounge?
What are the amenities in the dorm that a student who has the last name of Smith lives in?
What is the author of the submission with the highest score?
Which colleges have both authors with submission score above 90 and authors with submission score below 80?
What is the name and detail of each staff member?
What are the ids of all students who live in CHI?
What are the ids of all students who have advisor number 1121?
What are the first names for all students who are from the major numbered 600?
What are the last names for all scholarship students?
What is the total number of all football games played by scholarship students?
What are the ids of all students along with how many sports and games did they play?
What are the student IDs for everybody who worked for more than 10 hours per week on all sports?
What is the first name and last name of the student who have most number of sports?
What is the first and last name of the student who played the most sports?
What is the sport with the most scholarship students?
What are the ids of all students who don't play sports?
What are the student ids for those on scholarship in major number 600?
What are the ids of all female students who play football?
What are the ids of all male students who do not play football?
What is the total number of hours per week and number of games played by students under 20?
What are the ids of all students who are not video game players?
What are the ids of all students who played video games and sports?
What are the ids of all students and number of hours played?
What is the first and last name of all students who play Football or Lacrosse?
What are the first names and ages of all students who are playing both Football and Lacrosse?
what is the last name and gender of all students who played both Call of Destiny and Works of Widenius?
What is the name and hours for the project which has the most scientists assigned to it?
What is the sum of hours for projects that scientists with the name Michael Rogers or Carol Smith are assigned to?
What are the names of scientists who have not been assigned a project?
What is the name of the project that requires the fewest number of hours, and the names of the scientists assigned to it?
What are the first, middle, and last names of all staff?
What is the birthday of the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
What is the date of birth for the staff member named Janessa Sawayn?
What is the nickname of staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
What are the the lesson ids of all staff taught by Janessa Sawayn whose nickname has the letter s?
How many lessons taught by staff whose first name has letter 'a' in it?
How many lessons were taught by a staff member whose first name has the letter 'a' in it?
How long is the total lesson time taught by staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
What is the total time for all lessons taught by Janessa Sawayn?
What is average lesson price taught by staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
What is the average price for a lesson taught by Janessa Sawayn?
What is the first name of the staff who did not give any lesson?
What is the first name of all employees who do not give any lessons?
What is the total number of faculty members?
What ranks do we have for faculty?
What are the rank, first name, and last name of the faculty members?
What are the first name, last name, and phone number of all the female faculty members?
What are the faculty ids of all the male faculty members?
What are the first name and last name of all the instructors?
How many faculty members do we have for each faculty rank?
How many faculty members do we have for each rank and gender?
How many male and female assistant professors do we have?
What are the faculty id and the number of students each faculty has?
What are the first and last name of the faculty who has the most students?
How many faculty members participate in an activity?
Give me the number of faculty members who participate in an activity
What is the first and last name of the faculty participating in the most activities?
What is the name of the activity that has the most faculty members involved in?
What are the ids of the students who are not involved in any activity
What is the first and last name of the student participating in the most activities?
What is the name of the activity with the most students?
What are the first names of the professors who do not play Canoeing or Kayaking as activities?
What are the first names of the faculty members playing both Canoeing and Kayaking?
