List the publisher of the publication with the highest price.
List the publication dates of publications with 3 lowest prices.
Show the publishers that have publications with price higher than 10000000 and publications with price lower than 5000000.
Give me the average and minimum price (in Euro) of the products.
What is the product with the highest height? Give me the catalog entry name.
Which catalog content has the highest height? Give me the catalog entry name.
Find the name of the product that has the smallest capacity.
Which catalog contents have a product stock number that starts from "2"? Show the catalog entry names.
Find the names of the products with length smaller than 3 or height greater than 5.
Which catalog contents has price above 700 dollars? Show their catalog entry names and capacities.
Name all the products with next entry ID greater than 8.
Find out 5 customers who most recently purchased something. List customers' first and last name.
List the top 10 customers by total gross sales. List customers' first and last name and total gross sales.
Find the average unit price for a track.
Find the distinct unit prices for tracks.
find the number of medicines offered by each trade.
Which model has the least amount of RAM? List the model name and the amount of RAM.
List the hardware model name and company name for all the phones that were launched in year 2002 or have RAM size greater than 32.
Find all phones that have word 'Full' in their accreditation types. List the Hardware Model name and Company name.
Find the name of the company that has the least number of phone models. List the company name and the number of phone model produced by that company.
List the name of the company that produced more than one phone model.
List the name of the phone model launched in year 2002 and with the highest RAM size.
List the hardware model name for the phones that have screen mode type "Text" or RAM size greater than 32.
List the hardware model name for the phons that were produced by "Nokia Corporation" but whose screen mode type is not Text.
List the phone hardware model and company name for the phones whose screen usage in kb is between 10 and 15.
Find the details for all chip models.
Count the number of chip model that do not have wifi.
List all the model names sorted by their launch year.
Find the average ram mib size of the chip models that are never used by any phone.
Find the names of the chip models that are not used by any phone with full accreditation type.
Find the pixels of the screen modes that are used by both phones with full accreditation types and phones with Provisional accreditation types.
Show all product sizes.
Show all product colors.
Show all product names without an order.
Show all product names and the total quantity ordered for each product name.
Show the product ids and the number of unique orders containing each product.
Show all product names and the number of customers having an order on each product.
What are teh names of the different products, as well as the number of customers who have ordered each product.
Show order ids and the number of products in each order.
Show order ids and the total quantity in each order.
Give the order ids for all orders, as well as the total product quantity in each.
Count the number of products that were never ordered.
Find the number of items that did not receive any review.
Find the names of goods that receive a rating of 10.
Find the titles of items that received any rating below 5.
Find the titles of items that received both a rating higher than 8 and a rating below 5.
Find the names of items whose rank is higher than 3 and whose average rating is above 5.
Find the name of the item with the lowest average rating.
Find the name and id of the item with the highest average rating.
Find the names of the items that did not receive any review.
List the name of browsers in descending order by market share.
List the ids, names and market shares of all browsers.
List the names of phones in ascending order of price.
Show different carriers of phones together with the number of phones with each carrier.
Show the most frequently used carrier of the phones.
Show the carriers that have both phones with memory smaller than 32 and phones with memory bigger than 64.
Show the names of phones that are on market with number of shops greater than 50.
List the names of phones that are not on any market.
List the company name and rank for all companies in the decreasing order of their sales.
Show minimum, maximum, and average market value for all companies.
Show all main industry and total market value in each industry.
List the main industry with highest total market value and its number of companies.
Show all locations where a gas station for company with market value greater than 100 is located.
Show names of technicians in ascending order of quality rank of the machine they are assigned.
Show names of technicians who are assigned to repair machines with value point more than 70.
What is the average base price of different bed type? List bed type and average base price.
For each bed type, find the average base price of different bed type.
Find the average and minimum price of the rooms in different decor.
What is the average minimum and price of the rooms for each different decor.
Sort all the rooms according to the price. Just report the room names.
For each bed type, find the average room price.
Find the name and price of the product that has been ordered the greatest number of times.
Find the name of the most expensive product.
Return the name and id of the furniture with the highest market rate.
find the total market rate of the furnitures that have the top 2 market shares.
Find the component amounts and names of all furnitures that have more than 10 components.
Find the name and component amount of the least popular furniture.
Find the names of furnitures whose prices are lower than the highest price.
List all manufacturer names and ids ordered by their opening year.
Find the number of funiture types produced by each manufacturer as well as the company names.
Find the name of the company that produces both furnitures with less than 6 components and furnitures with more than 10 components.
Find the brand and name for each camera lens, and sort in descending order of maximum aperture.
Return the distinct customer details.
Find the policy type the most customers choose.
List the names of companies by ascending number of sales.
list the names of the companies with more than 200 sales in the descending order of sales and profits.
Please show the titles of films and the types of market estimations.
List the names of companies in descending order of market value.
Sort the company names in descending order of the company's market value.
Find the maximum and minimum sales of the companies that are not in the "Banking" industry.
Please show each industry and the corresponding number of companies in that industry.
List the name of products in ascending order of price.
Show different type codes of products and the number of products with each type code.
Show the product type codes that have at least two products.
Show the product type codes that have both products with price higher than 4500 and products with price lower than 3000.
Show the names of products and the number of events they are in.
Show the names of products and the number of events they are in, sorted by the number of events in descending order.
Show the names of products that are in at least two events.
Show the names of products that are in at least two events in ascending alphabetical order of product name.
List the names of products that are not in any event.
Show all distinct product categories along with the number of mailshots in each category.
Give the ids of the three products purchased in the largest amounts.
Give the id and product type of the product with the lowest price.
Find the number of different product types.
Give the product id for the product that was ordered most frequently.
Return the average price for each product type.
Give me the product type, name and price for all the products supplied by supplier id 3.
Return the product type, name, and price for products supplied by supplier 3.
Return ids of all the products that are supplied by supplier id 2 and are more expensive than the average price of all products.
For each product type, return the maximum and minimum price.
Find the product type whose average price is higher than the average price of all products.
Return the names and ids of all products whose price is between 600 and 700.
Return the ids of all products that were ordered more than three times or supplied more than 80000.
Give the ids and names of products with price lower than 600 or higher than 900.
Find the id of suppliers whose average amount purchased for each product is above 50000 or below 30000.
What are the average amount purchased and value purchased for the supplier who supplies the most products.
Return the average total amount purchased and total value purchased for the supplier who supplies the greatest number of products.
List the names of all the distinct customers who bought a keyboard.
Give the maximum and minimum product prices for each product type, grouped and ordered by product type.
Find the names of products that were bought by at least two distinct customers.
Find the names of customers who have bought by at least three distinct products.
Find the average price of all product clothes.
Find the name of the most expensive hardware product.
Find products with max page size as "A4" and pages per minute color smaller than 5.
Find products with max page size as "A4" or pages per minute color smaller than 5.
Find the most prominent max page size among all the products.
Find the name of the products that are not using the most frequently-used max page size.
Return the device carriers that do not have Android as their software platform.
Show names of shops and the carriers of devices they have in stock.
Show names of shops that have more than one kind of device in stock.
Show the name of the shop that has the most kind of devices in stock.
Show the name of the shop that have the largest quantity of devices in stock.
Please show the software platforms of devices in descending order of the count.
List the names of shops that have no devices in stock.
List the carriers of devices that have no devices in stock.
Show the carriers of devices in stock at more than one shop.
What are the minimum, average, and maximum quantities ordered? Check all the invoices.
Show all the distinct product names with price higher than the average.
List all product names in ascending order of price.
Sort the names of products in ascending order of their price.
Give me the descriptions of the service types that cost more than 100.
Find the names of the workshop groups where services with product name "film" are performed.
For each distinct product name, show its average product price.
Find the product names whose average product price is below 1000000.
Find the order detail for the products with price above 2000.
Find the order dates of the orders with price above 1000.
Find the id of the product ordered the most often on invoices.
Give me the description of the service type that offers not only the photo product but also the film product.
Find all manufacturers' names and their headquarters, sorted by the ones with highest revenue first.
Find the name of product that is produced by both companies Creative Labs and Sony.
Find the name, headquarter and founder of the manufacturer that has the highest revenue.
Find the name, headquarter and revenue of all manufacturers sorted by their revenue in the descending order.
Find the total revenue for each manufacturer.
Find the average prices of all products from each manufacture, and list each company's name.
Find number of products which Sony does not make.
Find the number of products for each manufacturer, showing the name of each company.
Select the names of all the products in the store.
Select the names and the prices of all the products in the store.
Select the name of the products with a price less than or equal to $200.
Find all information of all the products with a price between $60 and $120.
Compute the average price of all the products.
Compute the average price of all products with manufacturer code equal to 2.
Compute the number of products with a price larger than or equal to $180.
Select all the data from the products and each product's manufacturer.
Select the average price of each manufacturer's products, showing only the manufacturer's code.
Select the average price of each manufacturer's products, showing the manufacturer's name.
Select the names of manufacturer whose products have an average price higher than or equal to $150.
Select the name and price of the cheapest product.
Select the name of each manufacturer along with the name and price of its most expensive product.
Select the code of the product that is cheapest in each product category.
How many problems does the product with the most problems have? List the number of the problems and product name.
Which product has the most problems? Give me the number of problems and the product name.
What are the products that have problems reported after 1986-11-13? Give me the product id and the count of problems reported after 1986-11-13.
Sort all the distinct product names in alphabetical order.
For which product was there a problem reported by Christop Berge, with closure authorised by Ashley Medhurst? Return the product ids.
Which staff members who reported problems from the product "rem" but not "aut"? Give me their first and last names.
Return the names and typical buying prices for all products.
Find the names of all the product characteristics.
Find the number of products with category "Spices" and typically sold above 1000.
Find the id and color description of the products with at least 2 characteristics.
Return the names and typical buying and selling prices for products that have 'yellow' as their color description.
Count the number of characteristics the product 'sesame' has.
Count the number of different characteristic names the product 'cumin' has.
Return the characteristic names of the 'sesame' product.
Find the number of characteristics that the product "flax" has.
Count the number of characteristics of the 'flax' product.
Count the number of products with the 'hot' charactersitic.
Return the unit of measure for 'Herb' products.
Return the description and unit of measurement for products in the 'Herbs' category.
Return the color description that is most common across all products.
Give the color description that is least common across products.
Return the name of the characteristic that is most common across all products.
Give the names, details, and data types of characteristics that are not found in any product.
Count the number of colors that are not used in any products.
Show the product type codes which have at least two products.
Show the product name and total order quantity for each product.
Show the minimum, maximum, average price for all products.
Show the product type and name for the products with price higher than 1000 or lower than 500.
List the name of all products along with the number of complaints that they have received.
Find the emails of customers who has filed a complaints of the product with the most complaints.
Return the names of products that have had complaints filed by the customer who has filed the fewest complaints.
Find the name and category of the most expensive product.
Find the prices of products which has never received a single complaint.
Return the average price of products that have each category code.
Count the number of customers that have the customer type that is most common.
Show the id and star rating of each hotel, ordered by its price from low to high.
Find the id and star rating of each hotel and sort them in increasing order of price.
Return the the details of all products.
Which product's detail contains the word "Latte" or "Americano"? Return the full detail.
Find the number of distinct products Rodrick Heaney has bought so far.
Find the total quantity of products associated with the orders in the "Cancelled" status.
Find the total amount of products ordered before 2018-03-17 07:13:53.
Find the name and ID of the product whose total order quantity is the largest.
What are the name and ID of the product bought the most.
Find the names of customers who ordered both products Latte and Americano.
Give the maximum and minimum weeks on top across all volumes.
Please show the date of ceremony of the volumes that last more than 2 weeks on top.
Return the prices of wines produced before 2010.
List the grape, winery and year of the wines whose price is bigger than 100 ordered by year.
Find the ids of all the order items whose product id is 11.
List the count and id of each product in all the orders.
For each product, return its id and the number of times it was ordered.
List the name and count of each product in all orders.
For each product, show its name and the number of times it was ordered.
Find the ids of orders which are shipped after 2000-01-01.
Which orders have shipment after 2000-01-01? Give me the order ids.
List the names of all distinct products in alphabetical order.
Sort all the distinct products in alphabetical order.
