What are the ids of the candidates that have an outcome code of Pass?
What are the cell phone numbers of the candidates that received an assessment code of "Fail"?
Find the id of courses which are registered or attended by student whose id is 121?
What is the id of the shortest trip?
What is the total and maximum duration of trips with bike id 636?
What are the distinct publishers of publications with price higher than 5000000?
What is the entry name of the most expensive catalog (in USD)?
What is the level name of the cheapest catalog (in USD)?
What are the catalog entry names of the products with next entry ID above 8?
What is the name and salary of all employees in order of salary?
What is the id of every employee who has at least a salary of  100000?
What is the name and salary for employee with id 242518965?
What is the name and salary of the employee with the id 242518965?
What is the average and largest salary of all employees?
What is the id and name of the employee with the highest salary?
What are the names of all employees who have a salary higher than average?
What is the id and salary of the employee named Mark Young?
What is the origin and destination for all flights whose price is higher than 300?
What is the flight number and its distance for the one with the maximum price?
what is the salary and name of the employee who has the most number of aircraft certificates?
What is the salary and name of the employee who has the most number of certificates on aircrafts with distance more than 5000?
What are the top 10 customers' first and last names by total number of orders and how many orders did they make?
What are the first and last names of the customers with the 10 cheapest invoices?
What are the total amount of money in the invoices billed from Chicago, Illinois?
What are the states with the most invoices?
What is the number of invoices and total money billed in them from CA?
What is the email and phone number of Astrid Gruber the customer?
What is the count of customers that Steve Johnson supports?
What is the title, phone number and hire date for the employee named Nancy Edwards?
What is the full name of the employee who has the most customers?
What are the account ids, customer ids, and account names for all the accounts?
What is the first name, last name, and phone of the customer with account name 162?
How many accounts are there for each customer id?
What is the customer id of the customer with the most accounts, and how many accounts does this person have?
What are the full names of customers who do not have any accounts?
What are the full names of customers who have accounts?
What is the phone and email for customer with first name Aniyah and last name Feest?
What are card ids, customer ids, card types, and card numbers for each customer card?
What are the valid from and valid to dates for the card with the number 4560596484842?
What is the customer id with most number of cards, and how many does he have?
What are the ids and full names of customers who hold two or more cards?
What is the card type code with most number of cards?
What are the ids and first names of customers who do not hold a credit card?
What is the average and total transaction amount?
What is the transaction type that has processed the greatest total amount in transactions?
What are the different account ids that have made financial transactions, as well as how many transactions correspond to each?
What is all the customer information for customers in NY state?
What is the first name and last name employee helps the customer with first name Leonie?
What are the invoice dates for customers with the first name Astrid and the last name Gruber?
What are the last names of customers without invoice totals exceeding 20?
What are the different first names for customers from Brazil who have also had an invoice?
What are the addresses of customers living in Germany who have had an invoice?
What are the phone numbers for each employee?
What are the first names and support rep ids for employees serving 10 or more customers?
What are the last names of employees who serve at most 20 customers?
What are all the customer phone numbers under the most popular policy type?
What is the effective date of the claim that has the largest amount of total settlement?
What is the name of the customer who has the most policies listed?
What are all the policy types of the customer that has the most policies listed?
What are the open and close dates of all the policies used by the customer who have "Diana" in part of their names?
What is the average number of votes of representatives from party "Republican"?
What are the apartment number and the room count of each apartment?
What is the average number of rooms of apartments with type code "Studio"?
What are the apartment number, start date, and end date of each apartment booking?
What is the apartment number of the apartment with the most beds?
What are the player name, number of matches, and information source for players who do not suffer from injury of 'Knee problem'?
What is the name and building of the departments whose budget is more than the average budget?
What is the department name and corresponding building for the department with the greatest budget?
What are the names and average salaries for departments with average salary higher than 42000?
What are the total amount and average amount paid in claim headers?
What is the name of the customer who has made the largest amount of claim in a single claim?
What is the name of the customer who has made the minimum amount of payment in one claim?
What are the names of customers who do not have any policies?
What is the name of the claim processing stage that most of the claims are on?
What are the ids, names, dates of opening, and other details for accounts corresponding to the customer with the first name "Meaghan"?
What are the names and other details for accounts corresponding to the customer named Meaghan Keeling?
What are the full names of customers with the account name 900?
What are the distinct first names, last names, and phone numbers for customers with accounts?
What are the customer ids for customers who do not have an account?
What are the first names and ids for customers who have two or more accounts?
What is the average, minimum, maximum, and total transaction amount?
What are the ids for transactions that have an amount greater than the average amount of a transaction?
What is the id of the account with the most transactions?
What are the ids and names of accounts with 4 or more transactions?
What is the invoice number and invoice date for the invoice with most number of transactions?
What is the invoice number and invoice date corresponding to the invoice with the greatest number of transactions?
What is the customer last name, id and phone number with most number of orders?
What is the theme and artist name for the exhibition with a ticket price higher than the average?
What is the total balance of savings accounts not belonging to someone with the name Brown?
What is the total checking balance in all accounts?
What is the average balance in checking accounts?
How many accounts have a savings balance above the average savings balance?
What are the customer id and name corresponding to accounts with a checking balance less than the largest checking balance?
What is the checking balance of the account whose owner’s name contains the substring ‘ee’?
What are the checking and savings balances in accounts belonging to Brown?
What are the names of accounts with checking balances greater than the average checking balance and savings balances below the average savings balance?
What are the balances of checking accounts belonging to people with savings balances greater than the average savings balance?
What is the name corresponding to the accoung with the lowest sum of checking and savings balances?
What are the names and sum of checking and savings balances for accounts with savings balances higher than the average savings balance?
What are the names and balances of checking accounts belonging to the customer with the lowest savings balance?
What are the names of customers with accounts, and how many checking accounts do each of them have?
What are the names of customers with accounts, and what are the total savings balances for each?
What are the names of customers with checking balances lower than the average checking balance?
What is the savings balance of the account belonging to the customer with the highest checking balance?
What is the sum of checking and savings balances for all customers, ordered by the total balance?
What is the name and checking balance of the account which has the lowest savings balance?
What are the names, checking balances, and savings balances for all customers?
What are the names, checking balances, and savings balances of customers, ordered by the total of checking and savings balances descending?
What are the names of customers with a higher checking balance than savings balance?
What are the names of customers who have a savings balance lower than their checking balance, and what is the total of their checking and savings balances?
What are names and savings balances of the three accounts with the highest savings balances?
What is the id and market share of the browser Safari?
What is the id and name of the browser that is compatible with the most web accelerators?
Count the number of budgets in year 2001 or before whose budgeted amount is greater than 3000
Are the customers holding coupons with amount 500 bad or good?
What are the id and the amount of refund of the booking that incurred the most times of payments?
What is the id of the product that is booked for 3 times?
What is the product description of the product booked with an amount of 102.76?
What are the start date and end date of the booking that has booked the product named 'Book collection A'?
What is the average amount due for all the payments?
What are the coupon amount of the coupons owned by both good and bad customers?
What are the payment date of the payment with amount paid higher than 300 or with payment type is 'Check'
What are the names and descriptions of the products that are of 'Cutlery' type and have daily hire cost lower than 20?
What is the carrier of the most expensive phone?
What is the name and rank of every company ordered by descending number of sales?
What are the names and headquarters of all companies ordered by descending market value?
What is the minimum, maximum, and average market value for every company?
For each main industry, what is the total number of companies for the industry with the highest total market value?
What is the rank, company, and market value of every comapny in the banking industry ordered by sales and profits?
Which member names are shared among members in the party with the id 3 and the party with the id 1?
What is the shipping agent code of shipping agent UPS?
What is the document status description of the document with id 1?
What is the name of the shipping agent of the document with id 2?
What is the receipt date of the document with id 3?
What is the mail date of the document with id 7?
What is draft detail of the document with id 7?
What is the id and stop number for each driver that has a shorter pit stop than the driver in the race with id 841?
Find the distinct driver id of all drivers that have a longer stop duration than some drivers in the race whose id is 841?
Show the name of technicians aged either 36 or 37
What are the names of the technicians by ascending order of quality rank for the machine they are assigned?
What are the companies of entrepreneurs, ordered descending by amount of money requested?
What is the average money requested by all entrepreneurs?
What is the name of the entrepreneur with the greatest weight?
What is the total money requested by entrepreneurs with height more than 1.85?
What are the weights of entrepreneurs in descending order of money requested?
What are the names of entrepreneurs and their corresponding investors, ordered descending by the amount of money requested?
What is the id of the candidate with the lowest oppose rate?
What is the name and sex of the candidate with the highest support rate?
For each sex, what is the name and sex of the candidate with the oppose rate for their sex?
Return the maximum support rate, minimum consider rate, and minimum oppose rate across all candidates?
What is the average rating star for each reviewer?
What is the reviewer name, film title, movie rating, and rating date  for every movie ordered by reviewer name, movie title, then finally rating?
For each reviewer id, what is the title and rating for the movie with the smallest rating?
What are the names and decor of rooms with a king bed? Sort them by their price
What are the room name and base price of the room with the lowest base price?
What are the first and last names of people who payed more than the rooms' base prices?
What is the average base price of rooms, for each bed type?
How many business rates are related to each cmi cross reference? List cross reference id, master customer id and the n
What are the renting arrears tax ids related to the customer master index whose detail is not 'Schmidt, Kertzmann and Lubowitz'?
What is the rating of the restaurant Subway?
What are the payment dates for any payments that have an amount greater than 10 or were handled by a staff member with the first name Elsa?
Which film has the highest rental rate? And what is the rate?
What is the id of the store that has the most items in inventory?
What is the total amount of all payments?
What is the full name and id of the customer who has the lowest total amount of payment?
What is the film title and inventory id of the item in the inventory which was rented most frequently?
What was the date of the earliest payment?
What is the first name and the last name of the customer who made the earliest rental?
What is the full name of the staff member who has rented a film to a customer with the first name April and the last name Burns?
What is the largest payment amount?
What is the total number of customers across banks?
What is the average number of bank customers?
What are the names of all customers, ordered by account balance?
What are the names of the different customers who have taken out a loan, ordered by the total amount that they have taken?
What are the states, account types, and credit scores for customers who have 0 loans?
What are the names and account balances of customers with the letter a in their names?
What are the total account balances for each customer from Utah or Texas?
What are the names of customers who have both savings and checking accounts?
What are the names of customers who do not have saving accounts?
What are the names of customers who have not taken a Mortage loan?
What are the names of customers who have taken both Mortgage and Auto loans?
What are the names of customers with credit score less than the average credit score across customers?
What is the name of the bank branch with the greatest number of customers?
What is the name of the customer with the worst credit score?
What is the name, account type, and account balance corresponding to the customer with the highest credit score?
What is the name of the customer who has greatest total loan amount?
What is the average account balance of customers with credit score below 50 for the different account types?
What is the total account balance for customers with a credit score of above 100 for the different states?
What are the names of the different bank branches, and what are their total loan amounts?
What are the names of customers who have taken out more than one loan?
What are the names and account balances for customers who have taken a total amount of more than 5000 in loans?
What is the name of the bank branch that has lent the greatest amount?
What is the name of the bank branch that has lended the largest total amount in loans, specifically to customers with credit scores below 100?
What are the different names and credit scores of customers who have taken a loan?
What are the names of customers who have a loan of more than 3000 in amount?
What are the names of banks that have loaned money to customers with credit scores below 100?
What is the total amount of money loaned by banks in New York state?
What is the average credit score for customers who have taken a loan?
What is the average credit score for customers who have never taken a loan?
What are the id and first name of the student whose addresses have the highest average monthly rental?
What are the id and zip code of the address with the highest monthly rental?
What is the cell phone number of the student whose address has the lowest monthly rental?
What is the name and id of the staff who recorded the fault log but has not contacted any visiting engineers?
What is the description of the type of the company who concluded its contracts most recently?
What is the count and code of the job with the most employee?
What are the first and last names of the employee with the earliest date of birth?
What are the full names and salaries for any employees earning less than 6000?
when is the hire date for those employees whose first name does not containing the letter M?
What are the full name, hire date, salary, and department id for employees without the letter M in their first name?
What are the full name, hire data, salary and department id for employees without the letter M in their first name, ordered by ascending department id?
what is the phone number of employees whose salary is in the range of 8000 and 12000?
What are the full name (first and last name) and salary for all employees who does not have any value for commission?
What are the job ids and dates of hire for employees hired after November 5th, 2007 and before July 5th, 2009?
What is all the information about employees with D or S in their first name, ordered by salary descending?
Which job titles correspond to jobs with salaries over 9000?
What are the employee ids for each employee and final dates of employment at their last job?
What are the department ids for which more than 10 employees had a commission?
What is the average salary of employees who have a commission percentage that is not null?
Can you return all detailed info of jobs which was done by any of the employees who is presently earning a salary on and above 12000?
What is all the job history info done by employees earning a salary greater than or equal to 12000?
What is the average salary for each job title?
What is the full name ( first name and last name ) for those employees who gets more salary than the employee whose id is 163?
What is the minimum salary in each department?
What are the employee ids for employees who make more than the average?
What are the job ids corresponding to jobs with average salary above 8000?
What is all the information regarding employees with salaries above the minimum and under 2500?
What are the full names and hire dates for employees in the same department as someone with the first name Clara?
What are the full names and hire dates for employees in the same department as someone with the first name Clara, not including Clara?
What are the ids and full names for employees who work in a department that has someone with a first name that contains the letter T?
What are the ids, full names, and salaries for employees making more than average and who work in a department with employees who have the letter J in their first name?
What are the employee ids and job ids for employees who make less than the lowest earning employee with title MK_MAN?
What are the employee ids, full names, and job ids for employees who make more than the highest earning employee with title PU_MAN?
What is all the information about employees who have never had a job in the past?
What the full names, ids of each employee and the name of the country they are in?
What are the name and id of the team offering the lowest average salary?
What is the owner of the channel that has the highest rating ratio?
What is the total rating of channel for each channel owner?
Return the claim start date for the claims whose claimed amount is no more than the average
What is the total amount of settlement made for all the settlements?
What is the most popular payment method?
What is the payment method that were used the least often?
What is the total amount of payment?
What is the employee id of the head whose department has the least number of employees?
what is the name and position of the head whose department has least number of employees?
What is the id of the appointment that started most recently?
What is the name of the medication used for the patient staying in room 111?
What is the id of the patient who stayed in room 111 most recently?
What is the average cost of procedures that physician John Wen was trained in?
Among the procedures that cost more than 1000, which were not specialized in by physician John Wen?
What is the headquarter of the company with the largest sales?
What is the day Number and date of all the documents?
What is the code of each role and the number of employees in each role?
What is the role code with the largest number of employees?
What is the role name and role description for employee called Ebba?
What is the location code with the most documents?
What are the name and code of the location with the smallest number of documents?
What are the names of the employees who authorised the destruction and the employees who destroyed the corresponding documents?
What are the ids and details for all organizations that have grants of more than 6000 dollars?
Find out the send dates of the documents with the grant amount of more than 5000 were granted by organisation type described
What are the response received dates for the documents described as 'Regular' or granted with more than 100?
What is the response received date for the document described as Regular that was granted more than 100 dollars?
What is the total amount of grant money given to each organization and what is its id?
Show the role description and the id of the project staff involved in most number of project outcomes?
For each staff id, what is the description of the role that is involved with the most number of projects?
What is the last date that a staff member left a project?
Find the name of the document that has been accessed the greatest number of times, as well as the count of how many times it has been accessed?
What is the name of the document which has been accessed the most times, as well as the number of times it has been accessed?
What is the total access count of documents that are of the most common document type?
What is the structure of the document with the least number of accesses?
What are the usernames and passwords of users that have the most common role?
What is the description of the most popular role among users that have logged in?
What is the average access count of documents that have the least common structure?
What are the name and assets of each company, sorted in ascending order of company name?
What is the average price for products?
What is the name of the product with the highest price?
What are the ids of the top three products that were purchased in the largest amount?
What are the product id and product type of the cheapest product?
What is the address for the customer with id 10?
What is the id of the product that was ordered the most often?
What are the name, phone number and email address of the customer who made the largest number of orders?
What is the average price for each type of product?
What are the distinct names of customers with an order status of Pending, sorted by customer id?
What are the ids of products from the supplier with id 2, which are more expensive than the average price across all products?
What is the id and name of the department store that has both marketing and managing department?
What is the id of the department with the least number of staff?
What are the maximum and minimum product prices for each product type?
What is the code of the product type with an average price higher than the average price of all products?
What is the id and name of the staff who has been assigned for the least amount of time?
What are the distinct ids of customers who made an order after any order that was Cancelled?
What are the names and ids of customers whose address contains TN?
What are the ids of all products that were either ordered more than 3 times or have a cumulative amount purchased of above 80000?
What are id and name of the products whose price is lower than 600 or higher than 900?
What are the ids of suppliers which have an average amount purchased of above 50000 or below 30000?
What is the largest and smallest customer codes?
What are the distinct names of customers who have purchased a keyboard?
What are the highest and lowest prices of products, grouped by and alphabetically ordered by product type?
What are the order ids and customer ids for orders that have been Cancelled, sorted by their order dates?
What are the distinct names of customers who have purchased at least three different products?
What are the ids and names of customers with addressed that contain WY and who do not use a credit card for payment?
What is the average price of clothes?
What is the name of the hardware product with the greatest price?
What is each customer's move in date, and the corresponding customer id and details?
What is the shop name corresponding to the shop that opened in the most recent year?
What is the name of the shop that has the greatest quantity of devices in stock?
What are the distinct names of the products that cost more than the average?
What is the name of the most expensive product?
What is the payment method code used by the most orders?
What are the descriptions of the service types with product price above 100?
What is the description and code of the type of service that is performed the most often?
What are the order details of the products with price higher than 2000?
What are the actual delivery dates of orders with quantity 1?
What are the order dates of orders with price higher than 1000?
What are the names of the clients who do not have any booking?
What is the average quantities ordered with payment method code "MasterCard" on invoices?
What is the product ID of the most frequently ordered item on invoices?
What is the description of the service type which offers both the photo product and the film product?
What are the names of manufacturers with revenue greater than the average of all revenues?
What are the names of companies with revenue less than the lowest revenue of any manufacturer in Austin?
What is the total revenue of companies with revenue greater than the lowest revenue of any manufacturer in Austin?
What is the total revenue of companies started by founder?
What is the total revenue of each manufacturer?
What are the average prices of products for each manufacturer?
What are the names of products with price at most 200?
What is all the information of all the products that have a price between 60 and 120?
What is the average price across all products?
What is the average price of products with manufacturer codes equal to 2?
How many products have prices of at least 180?
What are the names and prices of products that cost at least 180, sorted by price decreasing and name ascending?
What are the average prices of products, grouped by manufacturer code?
What are the average prices of products, grouped by manufacturer name?
What are the names and average prices of products for manufacturers whose products cost on average 150 or more?
What is the name and price of the cheapest product?
For each manufacturer name, what are the names and prices of their most expensive product?
What are the codes and names of the cheapest products in each category?
What is the id of the problem log that is created most recently?
What is the oldest log id and its corresponding problem id?
For each product which has problems, what are the number of problems and the product id?
Which products have problems reported by both the staff named Lacey Bosco and the staff named Kenton Champlin?
What is the sum of total pounds of purchase in year 2018 for all branches in London?
What is the total number of purchases for members with level 6?
What are the total purchases for members rated at level 6?
What is the category and typical buying price  of the product with name "cumin"?
What are the name and typical buying and selling prices of the products that have color described as "yellow"?
What is the characteristic name used by most number of the products?
What are the name and phone of the customer with the most ordered product quantity?
What is the name and capacity of the dorm with the fewest amount of amenities?
What are the emails and phone numbers of all customers, sorted by email address and phone number?
What are the emails of customers who have filed complaints on the product which has had the greatest number of complaints?
Which products has been complained by the customer who has filed least amount of complaints?
What is the phone number of the customer who has filed the most recent complaint?
What are the phone numbers of all customers and all staff members?
What is the name and category code of the product with the highest price?
What are the prices of products that have never gotten a complaint?
What is the average price of the products for each category?
What is the last name of the staff member in charge of the complaint on the product with the lowest price?
What is the last name of the staff who has handled the first ever complaint?
What is the average score of submissions?
What are the purchase details of transactions with amount bigger than 10000?
What are the sale details and dates of transactions with amount smaller than 3000?
What are the dates of transactions with at least 100 share count or amount bigger than 100?
What are the star rating descriptions of the hotels with price above 10000?
What is the average price range of hotels for each each star rating code?
What is the average amount of items ordered in each order?
What are the names of customers using the most popular payment method?
What are the names of customers who live in Colorado state?
What is the average time span of contact channels in the database?
What is the channel code and contact number of the customer contact channel that was active for the longest time?
What are the name and active date of the customers whose contact channel code is email?
What is the name of the customer that made the order with the largest quantity?
What is the name of the customer that has purchased the most items?
What is the payment method of the customer that has purchased the least quantity of items?
What is the most frequently ordered product? Tell me the detail of the product
What are the names of customers who have purchased both products Latte and Americano?
What is the issue date of the volume with the minimum weeks on top?
What is the name of the party form that is most common?
What are the party emails associated with parties that used the party form that is the most common?
What is the last name of the contact individual from the Labour party organization who was contacted most recently?
What is the last name of the first individual contacted from the organization with the maximum UK Vat number across all organizations?
What are the payment method codes that have been used by more than 3 parties?
What are the last names of individuals who have been contact individuals for an organization?
What are the statement ids, statement details, and account details, for all accounts?
What are the different statement ids on accounts, and the number of accounts for each?
What are the statement id and statement detail for the statement that has the most corresponding accounts?
How many documents are with document type code BK for each product id?
What is the id of the project with least number of documents?
What is the document type code with most number of documents?
What is the document type name and the document type description and creation date for all the documents?
What is the project id and detail for the project with at least two documents?
What is the description for the budget type with code ORG?
What are the account details with the largest value or with value having char '5' in it?
What is the winery at which the wine with the highest score was made?
What is the color of the grape whose wine products has the highest average price?
How long is the total lesson time took by customer with first name as Rylan and last name as Goodwin?
How long is the total lesson time took by the customer named Rylan Goodwin?
What is the first and last name of all employees who live in the city Damianfort?
What are the email addresses and date of births for all customers who have a first name of Carole?
What are the phone numbers and email addresses of all customers who have an outstanding balance of more than 2000?
What is the status code, mobile phone number and email address of customer with last name as Kohler or first name as Marina?
What is the status code, phone number, and email address of the customer whose last name is Kohler or whose first name is Marina?
When are the birthdays of customer who are classified as 'Good Customer' status?
What is the status code with the least number of customers?
What is maximum, minimum and average amount of outstanding of customer?
What is the maximum, minimum, and average amount of money outsanding for all customers?
What are the first and last names of all customers with between 1000 and 3000 dollars outstanding?
What is zip code of customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard?
How much in total does customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard paid?
What is the total amount of moeny paid by the customer Carole Bernhard?
What are the first and last names of all customers with more than 2 payments?
What are the last names that are used by customers and staff?
what are the order id and customer id of the oldest order?
What is the name of the customer who has the most orders?
What is the customer id of the customer who has the most orders?
What is the placement date of the order whose invoice number is 10?
What is the id of the order which has the most items?
What is the name of the customer who has the largest number of orders?
What are the names of the customers who have made two or less orders?
What are the names of the customers who bought product "food" at least once?
