In which year were most departments established?
How many acting statuses are there?
How many departments are led by heads who are not mentioned?
How many farms are there?
How many different statuses do cities have?
How many students attend course English?
How many students are attending English courses?
Find distinct cities of address of students?
How many different bike ids are there?
How many different cities have these stations?
How many stations does Mountain View city has?
How many stations are in Mountain View?
Which bike traveled the most often in zip code 94002?
How many days had both mean humidity above 50 and mean visibility above 8?
When and in what zip code did max temperature reach 80?
For each zip code, return how many times max wind speed reached 25?
For each zip code, how many times has the maximum wind speed reached 25 mph?
How many trips did not end in San Francisco?
On which day has it neither been foggy nor rained in the zip code of 94107?
How many trips started from Mountain View city and ended at Palo Alto city?
How many books are there?
How many actors are there?
How many actors have appeared in each musical?
How many musicals has each nominee been nominated for?
How many users are there?
How many followers does each user have?
Which catalog publisher has published the most catalogs?
How many products are there in the records?
How many aircrafts do we have?
How many aircrafts exist in the database?
How many aircrafts have distance between 1000 and 5000?
How many employees do we have?
How many employees have salary between 100000 and 200000?
How many flights do we have?
For each origin, how many flights came from there?
Which origin has most number of flights?
What place has the most flights coming from there?
Which destination has least number of flights?
What destination has the fewest number of flights?
How many allergies are there?
How many allergy entries are there?
How many different allergy types exist?
How many distinct allergies are there?
How many allergies have type animal?
How many animal type allergies exist?
Which allergy type has most number of allergies?
Which allergy type is most common?
Which allergy type has least number of allergies?
Which allergy type is the least common?
How many students are there?
How many different advisors are listed?
How many advisors are there?
What cities do students live in?
How many students are age 18?
How many students are 18 years old?
Who advises student 1004?
How many students live in HKG or CHI?
Which major has most number of students?
What is the largest major?
How many students live in each city?
How many students does each advisor have?
Which advisor has most number of students?
How many students have cat allergies?
How many students are affected by cat allergies?
Which students are unaffected by allergies?
How many female students have milk or egg allergies?
How many students have a food allergy?
How many students are affected by food related allergies?
Which allergy has most number of students affected?
Which allergy is the most common?
How many students have each different allergy?
How many students are affected by each allergy type?
How many invoices were billed from Chicago, IL?
How many invoices were billed from each state?
How many albums does Billy Cobham has?
How many albums has Billy Cobam released?
Eduardo Martins is a customer at which company?
How many customers live in Prague city?
How many customers live in the city of Prague?
How many customers in state of CA?
How many customers are from California?
What country does Roberto Almeida live?
How many customers does Steve Johnson support?
How many employees are living in Canada?
How many employees live in Canada?
Find the number of employees whose title is IT Staff from each city?
How many employees who are IT staff are from each city?
How many orders does Lucas Mancini has?
How many orders does Luca Mancini have in his invoices?
How much money did Lucas Mancini spend?
How many milliseconds long is Fast As a Shark?
How many tracks are in each genre?
How many editors are there?
How many accounts do we have?
How many customers do not have an account?
How many customers have an account?
How many customers do we have?
How many customer cards are there?
How many cards does customer Art Turcotte have?
How many debit cards do we have?
How many credit cards does customer Blanche Huels have?
How many different card types are there?
How many different types of transactions are there?
How many tracks do we have?
How many races are there?
How many members have the black membership card?
Which membership card has more than 5 members?
Which address has both members younger than 30 and members older than 40?
How many members are not living in Hartford?
Which month has the most happy hours?
Which months have more than 2 happy hours?
How many albums are there?
Which artist has the most albums?
How many tracks belong to rock genre?
How many distinct cities does the employees live in?
What are all the phone numbers?
Which policy type has the most records in the database?
How many services are there?
How many medicines were not approved by the FDA?
How many enzymes do not have any interactions?
How many distinct FDA approval statuses are there for the medicines?
How many different FDA approval statuses exist for medicines?
How many medicines are offered by each trade name?
When was the school with the largest enrollment founded?
How many schools are in the basketball match?
How many schools do not participate in the basketball match?
How many universities have a location that contains NY?
How many phones belongs to each accreditation type?
How many models do not have the wifi function?
How many countries are there in total?
Who are the players from UCLA?
How many distinct teams are involved in match seasons?
Which players are from Indonesia?
Who are the players from Indonesia?
How many players played each position?
How many players are from each country?
How many climbers are there?
How many distinct countries are the climbers from?
How many climbers are from each country?
Which countries have more than one mountain?
Which range contains the most mountains?
How many body builders are there?
How many distinct birth places are there?
How many persons are not body builders?
How many elections are there?
What parties have at least three representatives?
What states have at least two representatives?
How many distinct parties are there for representatives?
How many apartment bookings are there in total?
Which apartment type code appears the most often?
Which apartment type code is the most common among apartments with more than one bathroom?
How many apartments do not have any facility?
How many games are held after season 2007?
How many games are free of injury accidents?
How many distinct kinds of injuries happened after season 2010?
How many games has each stadium held?
How many leagues are there in England?
Of all players with an overall rating greater than 80, how many are right-footed and left-footed?
How many performances are there?
How many classrooms are not in Lamberton?
How many rooms does the Lamberton building have?
How many students have advisors?
How many departments offer courses?
How many different courses offered by Physics department?
How many different instructors have taught some course?
How many rooms whose capacity is less than 50 does the Lamberton building have?
Find the names of the top 3 departments that provide the largest amount of courses?
Find the name of the department that offers the highest total credits?
Which department has the lowest budget?
Who is the instructor with the highest salary?
How many rooms in each building have a capacity of over 50?
How many total credits are offered by each department?
How many courses are provided in each semester and year?
Which year had the greatest number of courses?
Find the name of department has the highest amount of students?
How many students are in each department?
Which semeseter and year had the fewest students?
Which department has the highest average instructor salary?
How many students and instructors are in each department?
How many instructors teach a course in the Spring of 2010?
How many debates are there?
List the dates of debates with number of audience bigger than 150
What is the party of the youngest people?
How much amount in total were claimed in the most recently created document?
How many claim processing stages are there in total?
How many distinct claim outcome codes are there?
How many accounts are there?
How many customers have opened an account?
How many customers don't have an account?
How many customers are there of each gender?
How many transactions do we have?
How many transactions correspond to each invoice number?
How many invoices do we have?
How many invoices correspond to each order id?
How many order items correspond to each order id?
How many products were not included in any order?
How many churches opened before 1850 are there?
How many female people are older than 30 in our record?
How many weddings are there in year 2016?
How many churches have a wedding in year 2016?
How many artists do we have?
How many exhibition are there in year 2005 or after?
How many exhibitions has each artist had?
How many different users wrote some reviews?
How many different items were reviewed by some users?
How many players are there?
How many gold medals has the club with the most coaches won?
How many gymnasts are there?
How many gymnasts are from each hometown?
From which hometowns did no gymnasts come from?
How many distinct hometowns did these people have?
How many accounts are there in total?
How many wrestlers are there?
How many eliminations did each team have?
Which teams had more than 3 eliminations?
Which reign is the most common among wrestlers?
Which locations are shared by more than two wrestlers?
How many different teams have had eliminated wrestlers?
How many schools are there?
How many budgets are above 3000 in year 2001 or before?
How many budget record has a budget amount smaller than the invested amount?
How many buildings are there?
What is the name of the tallest building?
How many proteins are associated with an institution in a building with at least 20 floors?
How many cinema do we have?
Which locations have 2 or more cinemas with capacity over 300?
Who are all the directors?
How many films have the word 'Dummy' in their titles?
How many different product types are there?
How many products are never booked with amount higher than 200?
How many phones are there?
How many gas companies are there?
How many gas station are opened between 2000 and 2005?
For each location, how many gas stations are there in order?
How many regions do we have?
How many parties do we have?
Which ministers are not a part of the Progress Party?
Which minister left office the latest?
How many members are in each party?
How many party events do we have?
How many events are there for each party?
Which event names were used more than twice for party events?
How many Annual Meeting events happened in the United Kingdom region?
How many pilots are there?
How many documents have the status code done?
How many documents were shipped by USPS?
how many female dependents are there?
Which service id and type has the least number of participants?
Which services type had both successful and failure event details?
How many events did not have any participants?
Find the distinct names of all races held between 2014 and 2017?
What are the forename and surname of the driver who has the smallest laptime?
How many drivers participated in the race Australian Grand Prix held in 2009?
How many drivers were in the Australian Grand Prix held in 2009?
How many drivers did not participate in the races held in 2009?
How many drivers did not race in 2009?
For each nationality, how many different constructors are there?
For each constructor id, how many races are there?
Find the names of Japanese constructors that have once earned more than 5 points?
How many technicians are there?
For each team, how many technicians are there?
How many entrepreneurs are there?
How many entrepreneurs correspond to each investor?
List the names of entrepreneurs and their companies in descending order of money requested?
How many distinct companies are there?
Which company was started by the entrepreneur with the greatest height?
How many perpetrators are there?
How many distinct locations of perpetrators are there?
In which year did the most recent crime happen?
What campuses are located in the county of Los Angeles?
What campuses are located in Chico?
What campuses opened before 1800?
Which campus was opened between 1935 and 1939?
What campuses opened between 1935 and 1939?
What campuses are located in Northridge, Los Angeles or in San Francisco, San Francisco?
How many universities have a campus fee higher than average?
How many universities have a campus fee greater than the average?
Which university is in Los Angeles county and opened after 1950?
What campuses are located in Los Angeles county and opened after 1950?
Which year has the most degrees conferred?
In what year was the most degrees conferred?
Which campus has the most degrees conferred in all times?
What campus has the most degrees  conferrred over its entire existence?
Which campus has the most faculties in year 2003?
What campus has the most faculties in 2003?
Find the average fee on a CSU campus in 1996
how many degrees were conferred between 1998 and 2002?
How many campuses are there in Los Angeles county?
How many campuses exist are in the county of LA?
What campuses are in Los Angeles county?
How many degrees were conferred in "San Jose State University" in 2000?
How many degrees were conferred at San Jose State University in 2000?
What degrees were conferred in San Francisco State University in the year 2001?
How many faculty is there in total in the year of 2002?
How many faculty, in total, are there in the year 2002?
How many faculty lines are there in "San Francisco State University" in year 2004?
How many faculty lines are there at San Francisco State University in 2004?
How many undergraduates are there in "San Jose State University" in year 2004?
How many undergraduates are there at San Jose State
How many people graduated from San Francisco State University in 2004?
How many CSU campuses are there?
How many candidates are there?
Which poll resource provided the most number of candidate information?
How many movies were made before 2000?
Who is the director of movie Avatar?
Who directed Avatar?
How many reviewers listed?
How many reviewers are there?
How many movie ratings have more than 3 stars?
How many movie reviews does each director get?
For each director, how many reviews have they received?
How many counties are there?
How many cities are in counties that have populations of over 20000?
How many counties correspond to each police force?
Which location has the most corresponding counties?
Which police forces operate in both counties that are located in the East and in the West?
Which room has the largest number of reservations?
How many kids stay in the rooms reserved by ROY SWEAZY?
How many adults stay in the room CONRAD SELBIG checked in on Oct 23, 2010?
How many kids stay in the room DAMIEN TRACHSEL checked in on Sep 21, 2010?
How many king beds are there?
How many people in total can stay in the modern rooms of this inn?
What kind of decor has the least number of reservations?
How many times the number of adults and kids staying in a room reached the maximum capacity of the room?
How many rooms are there?
How many rooms have a king bed?
What is the name of the room that can accommodate the most people?
Which room has the highest base price?
How many rooms cost more than 120, for each different decor?
How many different types of beds are there?
How many rooms have not had any reservation yet?
How many parties are there?
Which nationality has the most hosts?
How many storms had death records?
How many regions are affected?
How many storms occured in each region?
How many regions were affected by each storm?
How many counties are there in total?
On average how large is the population of the counties?
How many distinct governors are there?
Which delegates are from counties with population smaller than 100000?
How many distinct delegates are from counties with population larger than 50000?
Which committees have delegates from the Democratic party?
Which party has two or more records?
Which party has the largest number of delegates?
Which people severed as governor most frequently?
Which parties did not have any delegates in elections?
Which parties have delegates in both the "Appropriations" committee and the "Economic Matters" committee?
Which committees have delegates from both democratic party and liberal party?
How many journalists are there?
Which city does student Linda Smith live in?
Advisor 1121 has how many students?
How many restaurant is the Sandwich type restaurant?
How long does student Linda Smith spend on the restaurant in total?
How many times has the student Linda Smith visited Subway?
When did Linda Smith visit Subway?
How many different payment methods are there?
How many authors are there?
How many institutions are there?
How many papers are published in total?
How many papers have "Atsushi Ohori" published?
How many papers are "Atsushi Ohori" the author of?
Which districts have at least two addresses?
How many addresses are in the district of California?
How many cities are in Australia?
Which countries have at least 3 cities?
How many customers have an active value of 1?
Which store owns most items?
How many languages are in these films?
Where is store 1 located?
How many stores are there?
How many kinds of different ratings are listed?
How many items in inventory does store 1 have?
Which store has most the customers?
How many bank branches are there?
How many customers are there?
In how many different cities are banks located?
In how many different states are banks located?
Which state has the greatest total number of bank customers?
How many assessment notes are there in total?
How many addresses have zip code 197?
How many distinct incident type codes are there?
How many distinct students have been in detention?
How many students are not involved in any behavior incident?
When was the first asset acquired?
Which gender makes up the majority of the staff?
How many trains have 'Express' in their names?
How many different services are provided by all stations?
How many professors are in the accounting dept?
How many professors are teaching class with code ACCT-211?
How many professors teach a class with the code ACCT-211?
How many classes are professor whose last name is Graztevski has?
How many classes does the professor whose last name is Graztevski teach?
Where is the history department?
How many different locations does each school have?
How many departments are in each school?
How many different departments are there in each school that has less than 5 apartments?
How many sections does each course has?
How many sections does each course have?
How many credits does the department offer?
For each classroom with at least 2 classes, how many classes are offered?
How many classes are held in each department?
How many classes exist for each school?
How many different professors are there for the different schools?
Which school has the smallest amount of professors?
Which school has the fewest professors?
how many schools exist in total?
How many schools are there in the department?
How many different classes are there?
How many unique classes are offered?
How many courses are offered?
How many departments does the college has?
How many different departments are there?
How many courses are offered by the Computer Info. Systems department?
How many sections does course ACCT-211 has?
Which department offers the most credits all together?
How many students enrolled in class ACCT-211?
How many employees are there all together?
How many professors do have a Ph.D. degree?
How many professors attained either Ph.D. or Masters degrees?
How many professors who are from either Accounting or Biology department?
How many clubs are there?
How many clubs have total medals less than 10?
How many different position for players are listed?
which country did participated in the most number of Tournament competitions?
How many furniture components are there in total?
What is all the information about the Marketing department?
Which employees were hired after September 7th, 1987?
How many songs have 4 minute duration?
How many artists are from Bangladesh?
How many Bangladeshi artists are listed?
How many artists are male and how many are female?
How many players enter hall of fame each year?
How many parks are there in the state of NY?
How many times did Boston Red Stockings lose in 2009 postseason?
How many times in total did the team Boston Red Stockings participate in postseason games?
How many games in 1885 postseason resulted in ties (that is, the value of "ties" is '1')?
How many players did Boston Red Stockings have in 2000?
List the 3 highest salaries of the players in 2001?
How many parks are there in Atlanta city?
How many parks does Atlanta city have?
How many games were played in park "Columbia Park" in 1907?
How many games were played in city Atlanta in 2000?
Which team had the least number of attendances in home games in 1980?
Which states have more than 2 parks?
How many team franchises are active, with active value 'Y'?
Which cities have 2 to 4 parks?
Which park had most attendances in 2008?
Which park did the most people attend in 2008?
How many camera lenses have a focal length longer than 15 mm?
How many camera lenses are not used in taking any photos?
How many distinct kinds of camera lenses are used to take photos of mountains in the country 'Ethiopia'?
How many distinct programs are broadcast at "Night" time?
How many courses are there in total?
How many distinct students are enrolled in courses?
How many distinct courses are enrolled in by students?
How many tests have result "Fail"?
How many students did not have any course enrollment?
Of all the claims, what was the earliest date when any claim was made?
Which payment method is used the most often?
With which kind of payment method were the least number of payments processed?
Which kind of policy type was chosen by the most customers?
How many settlements are there in total?
What is total amount claimed summed across all the claims?
Which department has the largest number of employees?
How many patients stay in room 112?
How many patients' prescriptions are made by physician John Dorian?
How many rooms does each block floor have?
How many rooms are located for each block code?
How many different types of rooms are there?
How many medications are prescribed for each brand?
Which patient is undergoing the most recent treatment?
List the names of all distinct nurses ordered by alphabetical order?
Which nurses are in charge of patients undergoing treatments?
Find the physician who was trained in the most expensive procedure?
What procedures cost less than 5000 and have John Wen as a trained physician?
How many patients are not using Procrastin-X as medication?
How many appointments are there?
How many ships are there?
For each type, how many ships are there?
Which grade is studying in classroom 103?
Which grade is studying in room 105?
Which classrooms are used by grade 4?
Which classrooms are used by grade 5?
How many students does LORIA ONDERSMA teaches?
How many students does KAWA GORDON teaches?
How many students are taught by teacher TARRING LEIA?
How many teachers does the student named CHRISSY NABOZNY have?
How many teachers does the student named MADLOCK RAY have?
Which classroom has the most students?
How many students does one classroom have?
How many companies are headquartered in the US?
How many film are there?
How many markets have number of cities smaller than 300?
How films are produced by each studio?
Which studios have never worked with the director Walter Hill?
Which studios have an average gross of over 4500000?
How many calendar items do we have?
How many document types are there?
How many documents have document type code CV or BK?
How many locations are listed in the database?
How many roles are there?
How many members does the club "Tennis Club" has?
How many clubs does "Linda Smith" belong to?
How many clubs does "Linda Smith" have membership for?
For how many clubs is "Tracy Kim" a member?
How many clubs are located at "HHH"?
How many members of "Bootup Baltimore" are older than 18?
How many members of club "Bootup Baltimore" are younger than 18?
On average, how old are the members in the club "Hopkins Student Enterprises"?
Which organisation type hires most research staff?
How many Patent outcomes are generated from all the projects?
How many patents outcomes were listed for all the projects?
How many project staff worked as leaders or started working before '1989-04-24 23:51:54'?
How many project members were leaders or started working before '1989-04-24 23:51:54'?
How many tasks are there in total?
How many tasks are there?
For each project id, how many tasks are there?
What roles did staff members play between '2003-04-19 15:06:20' and '2016-03-15 00:33:18'?
Which role is most common for the staff?
How many friends does Dan have?
How many females does this network has?
How many females are in the network?
How many different cities are they from?
How many different cities do people originate from?
How many type of jobs do they have?
How many different jobs are listed?
Who is the oldest person?
Who is the oldest person whose job is student?
Who is the youngest male?
How old is the doctor named Zach?
HOw many engineers are older than 30?
How old is each gender, on average?
How many people are under 40 for each gender?
How many people are older than every engineer?
Who are the friends of Bob?
Who are Bob's friends?
Who are the friends of Alice that are doctors?
Who has friends that are younger than the average age?
Which friend of Zach has the longest-lasting friendship?
Which person whose friends have the oldest average age?
How many members are there?
Which countries have more than two members?
Find the average access count across all documents?
How many users are logged in?
What document types have more than 2 corresponding documents?
How many companies are there?
How many different industries are the companies in?
Which industry has the most companies?
How many companies are in either "Banking" industry or "Conglomerate" industry?
Which headquarter locations are used by more than 2 companies?
How many products are there?
How many artworks are there?
How many premises are there?
How many courses have more than 2 credits?
Which courses are taught on days MTW?
How many departments are in the division AS?
What are the phones of departments in Room 268?
How many students have had at least one "B" grade?
Find the name of the department that has the biggest number of students minored in?
Which building does the instructor who teaches the most number of courses live in?
Give the maximum and minimum gradepoints for students living in NYC?
How many customers use each payment method?
How many department stores does the store chain South have?
How many aircrafts are there?
How many international and domestic passengers are there in the airport London Heathrow?
How many different status codes of things are there?
When is the last day any resident moved in?
How many customers did not have any event?
How many different positions of players are there?
Which team has the oldest player?
Which district has the largest population?
Which district has the least area?
For each type of store, how many of them are there?
How many stores are headquarted in each city?
What is the city with the most number of flagship stores?
How many students are enrolled in college?
How many students, on average, does each college have enrolled?
How many colleges in total?
How many different colleges are there?
How many players have more than 1000 hours of training?
How many different players trained for more than 1000 hours?
How many colleges has more than 15000 students?
How many hours do the players train on average?
How many different colleges do attend the tryout test?
How many different colleges were represented at tryouts?
How many students got accepted after the tryout?
How many students received a yes from tryouts?
How many students whose are playing the role of goalie?
Which position is most popular among players in the tryout?
What was the most popular position at tryouts?
In which state is the college that Charles attends?
Which colleges do the tryout players whose name starts with letter D go to?
What college has a student who successfully made the team in the role of a goalie?
How many schools have students playing in goalie and mid-field positions?
How many states have a college with more students than average?
How many states have smaller colleges than average?
How many devices are there?
Which locations contains both shops that opened after the year 2012 and shops that opened before 2008?
How many bookings do we have?
Which cities have at least one customer but no performer?
Which status code is the most common of all the bookings?
How many bands are there?
How many songs are there?
How many unique labels are there for albums?
What is the most used instrument?
What instrument is used the most?
How many songs use drums as an instrument?
Which song has the most vocals?
How many songs have a lead vocal?
What information is there on albums from 2010?
How many instruments does the song "Badlands" use?
How many songs have a shared vocal?
How many different songs have shared vocals?
How many songs appear in studio albums?
Who is the founder of Sony?
Where is the headquarter of the company founded by James?
How many companies were created by Andy?
What are the different cities listed?
How many manufacturers have headquarters in either Tokyo or Beijing?
How many different products are produced in each headquarter city?
How many products are not made by Sony?
How many products are there for each manufacturer?
Find the top 3 products which have the largest number of problems?
How many branches where have more than average number of memberships are there?
For each city, how many branches opened before 2010?
How many total pounds were purchased in the year 2018 at all London branches?
How many students are there in total?
How many voting records do we have?
How many distinct president votes are recorded?
What are the distinct president votes on 08/30/2015?
Which advisors have more than two students?
Which major has the most students?
Which advisors are advising more than 2 students?
How many colors are there?
How many characteristics are there?
How many products are in the 'Spices' category and have a typical price of over 1000?
How many colors are never used by any product?
How many events are there?
How many stadiums are there?
Which country has at most 3 stadiums listed?
Which country has both stadiums with capacity greater than 60000 and stadiums with capacity less than 50000?
How many cities have a stadium that was opened before the year of 2006?
How many stadiums does each country have?
Which countries do not have a stadium that was opened after 2006?
How many different countries are all the swimmers from?
How many railways are there?
How many addresses are there in country USA?
How many products have a price higher than the average?
How many girl students who are younger than 25?
How many dorms are there?
How many dorms are in the database?
How many diffrent dorm amenities are there?
How many students exist?
How many dorms have amenities?
How many different genders are there in the dorms?
What are the names of the dorm with the largest capacity?
What are the amenities in alphabetical order that Anonymous Donor Hall has?
For each dorm, how many amenities does it have?
How many students are older than 20 in each dorm?
How many female students live in Smith Hall?
What amenities does Smith Hall have in alphabetical order?
Which complaint status has more than 3 records on file?
Return complaint status codes have more than 3 corresponding complaints?
How many distinct complaint type codes are there in the database?
Which state has the most customers?
How many submissions are there?
Which college has the most authors with submissions?
Which authors have submitted to more than one workshop?
Which authors did not submit to any workshop?
How many available hotels are there in total?
How many distinct names are associated with all the photos?
Which transportation method is used the most often to get to tourist attractions?
How many tourists did not make any visit?
How many video games exist?
How many video games do you have?
How many video game types exist?
What type of game is Call of Destiny?
How many video games have type Massively multiplayer online game?
Which game type has most number of games?
What type has the most games?
Which game type has least number of games?
What is the type with the fewest games?
How many sports do we have?
How many different types of sports do we offer?
How many students play sports?
How many different students are involved in sports?
How many games are played for all students?
How many games are played for all football games by students on scholarship?
How many students play each sport?
Which sport has most number of students on scholarship?
How many students play video games?
How many different students play games?
Which payment method is used by most customers?
Which city has the most customers living in?
Which city is post code 255 located in?
For which countries are there more than four distinct addresses listed?
Which contact channel codes were used less than 5 times?
How many types of products have Rodrick Heaney bought in total?
What is the total amount of products purchased before 2018-03-17 07:13:53?
Who made the latest order?
Which product has been ordered most number of times?
How many artists are there?
How many distinct artists have volumes?
How many roller coasters are there?
How many countries do not have an roller coaster longer than 3000?
How many different captain ranks are there?
How many captains are in each rank?
Which rank is the most common among captains?
Which classes have more than two captains?
how many ships are there?
Which flag is most widely used among all ships?
In which year were most of ships built?
Find the cities which were once a host city after 2010?
Which cities served as a host city after 2010?
Which city has hosted the most events?
What is the temperature of "Shanghai" city in January?
Which three cities have the largest regional population?
Which city has the highest temperature in February?
In February, which city marks the highest temperature?
Give me a list of cities whose temperature in March is lower than that in July or higher than that in Oct?
Which cities' temperature in March is lower than that in July or higher than that in Oct?
Give me a list of cities whose temperature in Mar is lower than that in July and which have also served as host cities?
Which cities have lower temperature in March than in Dec and have never served as host cities?
Give me a list of cities whose temperature in Feb is higher than that in Jun or cities that were once host cities?
Which cities have higher temperature in Feb than in Jun or have once served as host cities?
Which cities have regional population above 10000000?
Which cities have regional population above 8000000 or below 5000000?
How many cities are there in state "Colorado"?
Which is the email of the party that has used the services the most number of times?
How many drivers are there?
How many flights have a velocity larger than 200?
How many airports haven't the pilot 'Thompson' driven an aircraft?
How many companies operates airlines in each airport?
which countries have more than 2 airports?
which pilot is in charge of the most number of flights?
How many statements do we have?
How many projects are there?
How many budget types do we have?
How many documents have expenses?
How many documents do not have any expense?
How many scientists are there?
How many different scientists are assigned to any project?
How many different projects are there?
How many scientists do not have any projects assigned to them?
Which winery is the wine that has the highest score from?
How many wines are produced at Robert Biale winery?
How many appelations are in Napa Country?
How many wines are there for each grape?
Which wineries produce at least four wines?
Which 3 wineries produce the most wines made from white grapes?
How many train stations are there?
How many vehicle in total?
How many vehicles exist?
How many staff have the first name Ludie?
How many employees have a first name of Ludie?
How many staff in total?
How many employees are there?
In what city does Janessa Sawayn live?
In which country and state does Janessa Sawayn live?
How many staff live in state Georgia?
How many employees live in Georgia?
How many customers in total?
For each customer status code, how many customers are classified that way?
Which customer status code has least number of customers?
How many lessons did the customer Ryan Goodwin complete?
Which city does has most number of customers?
What is the city with the most customers?
How many customers have no payment histories?
For each payment method, how many payments were made?
How many lessons were in cancelled state?
How many lessons have been cancelled?
Which last names are both used by customers and by staff?
How many faculty do we have?
What buildings have faculty offices?
How many female Professors do we have?
How many Professors are in building NEB?
Which building has most faculty members?
In which buildings are there at least ten professors?
Which rank has the smallest number of faculty members?
What activities do we have?
How many activities do we have?
How many activities does Mark Giuliano participate in?
How many airlines are there?
How many airlines does Russia has?
Which country is the airport that has the highest altitude located in?
How many airports' names have the word Interanation in them?
How many different cities do have some airport in the country of Greenland?
In how many cities are there airports in the country of Greenland?
How many routes does American Airlines operate?
How many routes end in a Canadian airport?
Which countries has the most number of airlines?
Which countries has the most number of airlines whose active status is 'Y'?
How many airlines operate out of each country in descending order?
How many airports are there per city in the US ordered from most to least?
How many cities are there that have more than 3 airports?
For each airport name, how many routes start at that airport?
For each country and airline name, how many routes are there?
How many routes go from the United States to Canada?
How many architects are female?
How many architects haven't built a mill before year 1850?
How many book clubs are there?
How many books are there for each publisher?
How many books fall into each category?
Which publishers did not publish a book in 1989?
How many movie directors are there?
