What are the names of actors who are not 20 years old?
What are the characters of actors in descending order of age?
What are the distinct nominees of the musicals with the award that is not "Tony Award"?
What are the names of actors and the musicals that they are in?
What are the names of actors who have been in the musical titled The Phantom of the Opera?
What are the names of musicals who have at 3 or more actors?
Who is the nominee who has been nominated for the most musicals?
Who are the nominees who have been nominated more than two times?
What are the names of musicals who have no actors?
Who are the nominees who have been nominated for both a Tony Award and a Drama Desk Award?
Who are the nominees who were nominated for either of the Bob Fosse or Cleavant Derricks awards?
How many tracks does each genre have and what are the names of the top 5?
What are the titles of all the Aerosmith albums?
What is title of album which track Balls to the Wall belongs to?
What is the name of all tracks in the album named Balls to the Wall?
What are the names of the albums that have more than 10 tracks?
What are the names of all tracks that belong to the Rock genre and whose media type is MPEG?
What are the names of the tracks that are Rock or Jazz songs?
What are the names of all tracks that are on playlists titled Movies?
What are the names of all playlists that have more than 100 tracks?
What are the tracks that Dean Peeters bought?
What are the names of all tracks that are on the Movies playlist but not in the music playlist?
What are the names of all the tracks that are in both the Movies and music playlists?
What are the names of artist who have the letter 'a' in their names?
What is the name of the artist with the greatest number of albums?
What are the names of tracks that contain the the word you in them?
What are the durations of the longest and the shortest tracks in milliseconds?
What are the names and ids of the different albums, and how many tracks are on each?
What is the name of the most common genre in all tracks?
What is the least common media type in all tracks?
What is the name of the media type that is least common across all tracks?
What are the titles and ids for albums containing tracks with unit price greater than 1?
What is the average unit price of tracks that belong to Jazz genre?
How many tracks are in the AAC audio file media type?
What is the average duration in milliseconds of tracks that belong to Latin or Pop genre?
What are the names and ids of artists with 3 or more albums, listed in alphabetical order?
What are the names of artists who have not released any albums?
What is the average unit price of rock tracks?
What are the duration of the longest and shortest pop tracks in milliseconds?
How many artists do not have any album?
What are the album titles for albums containing both 'Reggae' and 'Rock' genre tracks?
What is the date of the performance with the highest number of attendees?
What are the names, ages, and countries of artists, sorted by the year they joined?
How many artists are above age 46 and joined after 1990?
What is the name and country for the artist with most number of exhibitions?
What are the names of artists that have not had any exhibitions?
What are the reigns and days held of all wrestlers?
What are the times of elimination for any instances in which the elimination was done by Punk or Orton?
What are the title and director of the films without any schedule?
What are all the different first names of the drivers who are in position as standing and won?
What are the names of all movies directed by Steven Spielberg?
What is the name of the movie produced after 2000 and directed by James Cameron?
What is the total number of ratings that has more than 3 stars?
What is the lowest and highest rating star?
In what years did a movie receive a 4 or 5 star rating, and list the years from oldest to most recently?
What are the names of the directors who created a movie with a 5 star rating, and what was the name of those movies?
What is the average number of stars that each reviewer awards for a movie?
What are the titles of all movies that have not been rated?
What is the average rating stars and title for the oldest movie?
For the oldest movie listed, what is its average rating and title?
What is the maximum stars and year for the most recent movie?
What is highest rating for the most recent movie and when was it released?
What is the names of movies whose created year is after all movies directed by Steven Spielberg?
What are the names of all movies that were created after the most recent Steven Spielberg film?
What are the titles and directors of the movies whose star is greater than the average stars of the movies directed by James Cameron?
What are the titles and directors of all movies that have a rating higher than the average James Cameron film rating?
What are the names of all reviewers that have rated 3 or more movies?
What are the names of all the different reviewers who rates Gone with the Wind?
What are the names of all directors whose movies have been reviewed by Sarah Martinez?
What are the different reviewer names, movie titles, and stars for every rating where the reviewer had the same name as the director?
What are the names of all the reviewers and movie names?
What are the titles of all movies that were not reviewed by Chris Jackson?
For all directors who have directed more than one movie, what movies have they directed and what are their names?
For each director who directed more than one movie, what are the titles and dates of release for all those movies?
What are the names of the directors who made exactly one movie?
What are the names of all directors who made one movie?
What are the names of the directors who made exactly one movie excluding director NULL?
What are the names of all directors who have made one movie except for the director named NULL?
What are the movie titles with the highest average rating and what are those ratings?
What are the movie titles and average rating of the movies with the lowest average rating?
What are the titles and average ratings for all movies that have the lowest average rating?
What are the names and years of the movies that has the top 3 highest rating star?
What are the names and years released for the movies with the top 3 highest ratings?
For each director, what are the titles and ratings for all the movies they reviewed?
For each director, what is the title and score of their most poorly rated movie?
What is the name of the movie that is rated by most of times?
What is the name of the movie that has been reviewed the most?
What are the titles of all movies that have rating star is between 3 and 5?
What are the titles of all movies that have between 3 and 5 stars?
What are the names of the reviewers who have rated a movie more than 3 stars before?
What is the average rating for each movie that has never been reviewed by Brittany Harris?
For each movie that received more than 3 reviews, what is the average rating?
What are names of the movies that are either made after 2000 or reviewed by Brittany Harris?
What are the names of all movies that were made after 2000 or reviewed by Brittany Harris?
What are names of the movies that are either made before 1980 or directed by James Cameron?
What are the names of all movies made before 1980 or had James Cameron as the director?
What are the names of reviewers who had rated 3 star and 4 star?
What are the names of all reviewers that have given 3 or 4 stars for reviews?
What are the names of movies that get 3 star and 4 star?
What are the names of all movies that received 3 or 4 stars?
What is the most popular first name of the actors?
What is the most popular full name of the actors?
What are the title and id of the film which has a rental rate of 0.99 and an inventory of below 3?
What are the title and rental rate of the film with the highest rental rate?
What are the title, id, and description of the movie with the greatest number of actors?
What are the full names of actors who had roles in more than 30 films?
What are the names and ids of the different categories, and how many films are in each?
What is the title and id of the film that has the greatest number of copies in inventory?
What are the titles of films that are either longer than 100 minutes or rated PG other than those that cost more than 200 to replace?
What is the name of the song that was released in the most recent year?
What is the name of the song that was released most recently?
What is the id of the longest song?
What are the names of all songs in English?
What are the different names and countries of origins for all artists whose song ratings are above 9?
What are the file sizes and formats for all songs with a resolution lower than 800?
What are the names of the artists who sang the shortest song?
What are the names of the singers who sang the top 3 most highly rated songs and what countries do they hail from?
What is the count of the songs that last approximately 4 minutes?
What is the average rating of songs produced by female artists?
How many songs, on average, are sung by a female artist?
What are the names of the artists that are from the UK and sang songs in English?
What is the id of the files that are available in the format of mp4 and a resolution smaller than 1000?
What is the country of origin of the artist who is female and produced a song in Bangla?
What countries are the female artists who sung in the language Bangla from?
What is the average duration of songs that have mp3 format and resolution below 800?
What is the average song duration for the songs that are in mp3 format and whose resolution below 800?
What is the number of artists for each gender?
What is the average rating of songs for each language?
What is the average song rating for each language?
What is the gender and name of the artist who sang the song with the smallest resolution?
How many songs were released for each format?
What are the different names for all songs that have a higher resolution than English songs?
What are the names of all songs that have a lower rating than some song of blues genre?
What are the names of the songs that have a lower rating than at least one blues song?
What is the name and country of origin of the artist who released a song that has "love" in its title?
What are the names of the artists who released a song that has the word love in its title, and where are the artists from?
What are the names and genders of all artists who released songs in the month of March?
What are the names of all genres in alphabetical order, combined with its ratings?
What are the names of all songs that are ordered by their resolution numbers?
What are the ids of songs that are available in either mp4 format or have resolution above 720?
What are the ids of all songs that are available on mp4 or have a higher resolution than 720?
What are the names of all songs that are approximately 4 minutes long or are in English?
What is the language used most often in the songs?
What are the languages that are used most often in songs?
What is the language that was used most often in songs with resolution above 500?
What is the name of the artist, for each language, that has the most songs with a higher resolution than 500?
What are the names of artists who are Male and are from UK?
What are the names of all male British artists?
What are the names of the songs that are modern or sung in English?
What are the names of all songs that are in mp3 format and have a resolution lower than 1000?
What are the names of all singers that are from the UK and released a song in English?
What are the average rating and resolution of songs that are in Bangla?
What is the average rating and resolution of all bangla songs?
What is the maximum and minimum resolution of all songs that are approximately 3 minutes long?
What are the maximum duration and resolution of all songs, for each language, ordered alphabetically by language?
What are the shortest duration and lowest rating of songs grouped by genre and ordered by genre?
What is the shortest and most poorly rated song for each genre, ordered alphabetically by genre?
What are the names and number of works for all artists who have sung at least one song in English?
What is the name and country of origin for each artist who has released a song with a resolution higher than 900?
What are the names of the three artists who have produced the most songs, and how many works did they produce?
Find the country of origin for the artist who made the least number of songs?
What country is the artist who made the fewest songs from?
What are the names of the songs whose rating is below the rating of all songs in English?
What are the song names for every song whose rating is less than the minimum rating for English songs?
What is ids of the songs whose resolution is higher than the resolution of any songs with rating lower than 8?
What is the id of every song that has a resolution higher than that of a song with a rating below 8?
What is ids of the songs whose resolution is higher than the average resolution of songs in modern genre?
What are the ids of all songs that have higher resolution of the average resolution in the modern genre?
What are the top 3 artists with the largest number of songs in the language Bangla?
What is the id, genre, and name of the artist for every English song ordered by ascending rating?
List the duration, file size and format of songs whose genre is pop, ordered by title?
What is the duration, file size, and song format for every pop song, ordered by title alphabetically?
What are the names of the different artists that have produced a song in English but have never receieved a rating higher than 8?
What are the names of the different artists from Bangladesh who never received a rating higher than a 7?
What are the manager's first name, last name and id who won the most manager award?
Who are the owners of the programs that broadcast both in the morning and at night?
What is the average ticket sales gross in dollars of films?
Who are the different directors of films which had market estimation in 1995?
What is the name of teh studio that created the most films?
What are the names of studios that have made two or more films?
What are the titles of films that do not have a film market estimation?
What are the names of studios that have produced films with both Nicholas Meyer and Walter Hill?
What are the titles and studios of films that have been produced by a studio whose name contains "Universal"?
What are the titles and directors of the films were never presented in China?
What are the total number of the audiences who visited any of the festivals?
What are the first and last names of the performer who was in the back stage position for the song "Badlands"?
What is the label that has the most albums?
What is the label with the most albums?
What is the last name of the musician that have produced the most number of songs?
What is the last name of the musician who was in the most songs?
What is the last name of the musician that has been at the back position the most?
What is the last name of the musicians who has played back position the most?
What is the song with the most vocals?
What is the type of vocals that the band member with the last name "Heilo" played the most?
How many songs have vocals of type lead?
What are the names of the songs without a lead vocal?
What are the albums produced in year 2010?
What is the last name of the musician that have produced the most songs?
What is the last name of the artist who sang the most songs?
What are the different names of all songs without back vocals?
What are the types of vocals that the band member with the first name "Solveig" played the most?
What is the first name of the band mate who perfomed in the most songs?
What is the vocal type of the band mate whose first name is "Marianne" played the most?
What are the names of the songs that do not have back vocals?
What are all the songs in albums under label "Universal Music Group"?
What are the names and descriptions of the photos taken at the tourist attraction "film festival"?
What are the names of the tourist attractions and the dates when the tourists named Vincent or Vivian visited there?
What are the types of video games and how many are in each type?
What is the total number of hours per work and number of games played by David Shieber?
What is the name of the game that has been played the most?
What are the ages of all music artists?
What is the average age of all artists?
What are the dates of ceremony and results for each music festival?
What are the songs in volumes with more than 1 week on top?
What are the the songs in volumes, listed in ascending order?
What are the dates of ceremony at music festivals corresponding to volumes that lasted more than 2 weeks on top?
What are the songs in volumes that have resulted in a nomination at music festivals?
What are the songs in volumes associated with the artist aged 32 or older?
What is the average weeks on top of volumes associated with the artist aged 25 or younger?
What are the famous title of the artists associated with volumes with more than 2 weeks on top?
What are the famous titles and ages of each artist, listed in descending order by age?
What is the famous release date of the artist with the oldest age?
What is the most common result of the music festival?
What are the categories of music festivals for which there have been more than 1 music festival?
What is the song in the volume with the maximum weeks on top?
Return the song in the volume that has spent the most weeks on top?
What are the famous titles of artists who do not have any volumes?
What are the famous titles of artists who have not only had volumes that spent more than 2 weeks on top but also volumes that spent less than 2 weeks on top?
How many music festivals have had each kind of result, ordered descending by count?
What are the issue dates of volumes associated with the artist aged 23 or younger?
Return the issue dates of volumes by artists who are at most 23 years old?
What are the names of wines that are more expensive then all wines made in the year 2006?
What are the titles and authors or editors that correspond to books made after 1989?
What are the years, titles, and publishers for all books, ordered by year descending?
What is the publisher with most number of books?
What categories have two or more corresponding books that were made after 1989?
What are the publishers who have published a book in both 1989 and 1990?
What are the titles, years, and directors of all movies, ordered by budget in millions?
What is the title and director for the movie with highest worldwide gross in the year 2000 or before?
Which directors had a movie both in the year 1999 and 2000?
Which directors had a movie in either 1999 or 2000?
What are all company names that have a corresponding movie directed in the year 1999?
