What are the distinct ages of the heads who are acting?
what are the first name and last name of all candidates?
What are the different cities where people live?
What is the id of the trip that has the shortest duration?
What is the number of distinct cities the stations are located at?
What are the title and issues of the books?
What are the dates of publications in descending order of price?
What is the number of distinct publication dates?
How many distinct publication dates are there in our record?
What are the characters and duration of actors?
What are all the catalog entry names?
What are the attribute data types with more than 3 attribute definitions?
What are the name and level of catalog structure with level number between 5 and 10
What are the name and publication date of the catalogs with catalog level number above 5?
What are the average and minimum price (in Euro) of all products?
What are the names of catalog entries with level number 8?
What is the number of employees?
What is the number of flights?
What is the name of each aircraft and how many flights does each one complete?
What are the ids of all employees that don't have certificates?
What are the different allergy types?
What are the allergies and their types?
What are all the different food allergies?
What is the type of allergy Cat?
What are the allergy types and how many allergies correspond to each one?
What are the different majors?
What are the students ids of students who have more than one allergy?
What are the student ids of students who don't have any allergies?
What are the titles of all the albums?
What is the company where Eduardo Martins is a customer?
What are the names of all the media types?
What are the different names of the genres?
What are the names of all the playlists?
What are the names of all Rock tracks that are stored on MPEG audio files?
What are the ids, full names, and phones of each customer?
What are the different customer ids, and how many cards does each one hold?
What are the different card types, and how many cards are there of each?
What are the codes of card types that have 5 or more cards?
What are the different card type codes, and how many different customers hold each type?
What are the different card type codes?
What are the different types of transactions?
What are the different card types, and how many transactions have been made with each?
What are the different transaction types, and how many transactions of each have taken place?
What are distinct locations where tracks are located?
What are the distinct classes that races can have?
What are the different classes of races, and how many races correspond to each?
What are the id and address of the shops which have a happy hour in May?
What are the names of different music genres?
What are the distinct billing countries of the invoices?
What is the average unit price of all the tracks?
What are the distinct unit prices of all tracks?
Which policy type appears most frequently in the available policies?
What are the maximum and minimum settlement amount on record?
What is the ordered list of customer ids?
How many kinds of enzymes are there?
What is the total count of enzymes?
What are the names of enzymes in descending order?
What are the names and locations of all enzymes listed?
What is the maximum OMIM value in the database?
What are the names and trade names of the medicines which has 'Yes' value in the FDA record?
What are the names and trade names of the medcines that are FDA approved?
What are the names of the enzymes used in the medicine  Amisulpride that acts as inhibitors?
What are the ids and names of the medicine that can interact with two or more enzymes?
For every medicine id, what are the names of the medicines that can interact with more than one enzyme?
What are the ids, names, and FDA approval status for medicines ordered by descending number of possible enzyme interactions?
What is the id and name of the enzyme with most number of medicines that can interact as 'activator'?
What is the id and name of the enzyme that can interact with the most medicines as an activator?
What is the most common interaction type between enzymes and medicine? And how many are there?
What are the most common types of interactions between enzymes and medicine, and how many types are there?
What is the count of enzymes without any interactions?
What is the id and trade name of the medicines can interact with at least 3 enzymes?
What are the ids and trade names of the medicine that can interact with at least 3 enzymes?
What are the distinct name, location and products of the enzymes which has any 'inhibitor' interaction?
What are the different names, locations, and products of the enzymes that are capable inhibitor interactions?
What are the medicine and trade names that can interact as an inhibitor and activitor with enzymes?
What are the different positions for match season?
What is the minimum snatch score?
What are the start date and end date of each apartment booking?
What are the guest first name, start date, and end date of each apartment booking?
What are the dates and locations of performances?
What is the average number of attendees for performances?
What is the sum of budgets of the Marketing and Finance departments?
What are the ids of courses without prerequisites?
What are the ids of instructors who didnt' teach?
What are the date and venue of each debate?
What are the ids, date opened, name, and other details for all accounts?
What are the the full names and ids for all customers, and how many accounts does each have?
What are total transaction amounts for each transaction type?
What are the different product sizes?
What are the different product colors?
What are the invoice dates, order ids, and order details for all invoices?
What are the different product names, and what is the sum of quantity ordered for each product?
How many distinct order ids correspond to each product?
How many different products correspond to each order id?
What are all distinct country for artists?
What are the gender and occupation of players?
What are the name and os of web client accelerators that do not work with only a 'Broadband' type connection?
How many different kinds of clients are supported by the web clients accelerators?
How many accelerators are not compatible with the browsers listed ?
What distinct accelerator names are compatible with the browswers that have market share higher than 15?
How many institutions do not have an associated protein in our record?
What are the name and location of the cinema with the largest capacity?
What are the title and director of each film?
What are the title and maximum price of each film?
What are the names of products whose availability equals to 1?
What are the maximum, minimum, and average booked count for the products booked?
What are all the distinct payment types?
What are the memories and carriers of phones?
What is the total number of companies?
What are the different main industries for all companies?
For each headquarter, what are the headquarter and how many companies are centered there?
What are the main indstries and total market value for each industry?
What are the different region names, ordered by labels?
What are the names of members and their corresponding parties?
What are the names of parties and their respective regions?
What are the names of members who are not in charge of any events?
What document status codes do we have?
What document type codes do we have?
What are the shipping agent names?
What are all role codes?
What is the description of role code ED?
How many draft copies does the document with id 2 have?
What are the ids and details of events that have more than one participants?
What are all the the participant ids, type code and details?
What is the most common participant type?
What are all the distinct participant ids who attended any events?
What are the numbers of races for each constructor id?
What is the number of technicians?
What are the team and starting year of technicians?
What is the team with at least 2 technicians?
What are the names of technicians and the machine series that they repair?
What are the names of the technicians  and how many machines are they assigned to repair?
What are the names of perpetrators?
What is the total number of campuses?
what are the top 3 highest support rates?
What is all the information about all people?
What are the different names of all reviewers whose ratings do not have a date field?
What are the number of rooms for each bed type?
What are the bed type and name of all the rooms with traditional decor?
What are the name and id of the three highest priced rooms?
What are the names of rooms whose reservation frequency exceeds 60 times?
How many different source system code for the cmi cross references are there?
What are the distinct cross reference source system codes which are related to the master customer details 'Gottlieb, Becker and Wyman'?
What are the themes of parties ordered by the number of hosts in ascending manner?
What are the themes and locations of parties?
What are the name and population of each county?
What are the distinct districts for elections?
What are the delegate and committee information for each election record?
what are the average and maximum attendances of all events?
How many distinct types of accounts are there?
What are the names of the different banks that have provided loans?
What are the dates of the assessment notes?
What are the code and description of the most frequent behavior incident type?
What are the code and description of the least frequent detention type ?
What are all the fault descriptions and the fault status of all the faults recoreded in the logs?
How many fault status codes are recorded in the fault log parts table?
What are all the distinct asset models?
What is the description for the CIS-220 and how many credits does it have?
What is the total credit does each department offer?
What are the number of different course codes?
What are the codes of all the courses that are located in room KLR209?
What are the types and countries of competitions?
What is the most common competition type?
how many different positions are there?
What are the first name and department name of all employees?
What are the salaries and manager ids for employees who have managers?
What are department ids for departments with managers managing more than 3 employees?
What are the employee ids of employees who report to Payam, and what are their salaries?
What is all the information regarding employees who are managers?
Give the distinct department ids of departments in which a manager is in charge of 4 or more employees?
What are total salaries and department id for each department that has more than 2 employees?
What are the department names, cities, and state provinces for each department?
What are the department names and how many employees work in each of them?
What are the id of all the files in mp3 format?
What is the most popular file format?
What are the maximum and minimum resolution of songs whose duration is 3 minutes?
What are the maximum duration and resolution of songs grouped and ordered by languages?
What is the average number of attendance at home games for each year?
What are the id and name of the photos for mountains?
How many different kinds of lens brands are there?
how many programs are there?
What are the name, origin and owner of each program?
What is the total share (in percent) of all the channels owned by CCTV?
what are the names of the channels that broadcast in both morning and night?
how many programs are broadcast in each time section of the day?
What is the list of program origins ordered alphabetically?
what is the number of different channel owners?
What are all the distinct details of the customers?
what are name and phone number of patients who had more than one appointment?
What is the names of the physicians who prescribe medication Thesisin?
What is the alphabetically ordered list of all distinct medications?
What are the names of the physician who prescribed the highest dose?
What are the three most costly procedures?
What are the distinct names of nurses on call?
What are the type and nationality of ships?
What are the types and nationalities of every ship?
What is the most common type of ships?
For each type, what is the average tonnage?
What are the different film Directors?
What are the titles of films and corresponding types of market estimations?
What are all the document type codes and document type names?
What is the name and description for document type code RV?
What are all the location codes and location names?
What are the name and description for location code x?
What are all the role codes, role names, and role descriptions?
What are the different location codes for documents?
What are each document's location code, and starting date and ending data in that location?
What is the code of each location and the number of documents in that location?
What are the id of each employee and the number of document destruction authorised by that employee?
What are the id of each employee and the number of document destroyed by that employee?
What are the ids of all the employees who authorize document destruction?
What are the details of the project that is producing both patents and papers as outcomes?
What is the total grant amount of the organisations described as research?
What is the total amount of grant money for research?
What are the send dates for all documents that have a grant amount of more than 5000 and are involved in research?
What are the task details, task id and project id for the projects which are detailed as 'omnis' or  have more than 2 outcomes?
What are the task details, task ids, and project ids for the progrects that are detailed as 'omnis' or have at least 3 outcomes?
When do all the researcher role staff start to work, and when do they stop working?
When did researchers start and stop working?
How many kinds of roles are there for the staff?
How many different roles are there on the project staff?
What are the details for the project whose research has been published?
When did the first staff for the projects started working?
What are the details of the project with no outcomes?
For grants that have descriptions of Regular and Initial Applications, what are their start dates?
For each grant id, how many documents does it have, and which one has the most?
What are the details of all organizations that are described as Sponsors and sort the results in ascending order?
What are the descriptions of all the project outcomes?
What are the names and countries of members?
What are the names of all the documents, as well as the access counts of each, ordered alphabetically?
What is the average access count of documents?
What are the names of documents that do not have any sections?
What are the names of documents that do not have any images?
What is the name of the document with the most number of sections?
What are the different role codes for users, and how many users have each?
What are the average profits of companies?
What are the maximum and minimum sales of the companies whose industries are not "Banking".
Whah are the name of each industry and the number of companies in that industry?
What are the names and type codes of products?
What are the names and locations of festivals?
What is the average number of audience for festivals?
What are all the distinct premise types?
What are the distinct address type codes for all customer addresses?
What are the course names for courses taught on MTW?
What is the number of departments in Division "AS"?
What are the name of courses that have at least five enrollments?
What are the full names and gradepoints for all enrollments?
What are the names and ids of products costing between 600 and 700?
What are the distinct names and phone numbers for suppliers who have red jeans?
What are the distinct names of products purchased by at least two different customers?
What is the number of aircraft?
What are the descriptions for the aircrafts?
What are the id and details of the customers who have at least 3 events?
What is the maximum page size for everything that has more than 3 products listed?
What is the average pages per minute color?
What is the average number of pages per minute color?
What are the products with the maximum page size A4 that also have a pages per minute color smaller than 5?
What are the products with the maximum page size eqal to A4 or a pages per minute color less than 5?
What is the most common maximum page size?
What are the names of all products that are not the most frequently-used maximum page size?
What are the unique types of player positions in the tryout?
What are the different types of player positions?
What are the different carriers for devices, listed in alphabetical order?
What are the carriers of devices whose software platforms are not "Android"?
How many different software platforms are there for devices?
What are the open dates and years for the shop named Apple?
What are the names of device shops, and what are the carriers that they carry devices in stock for?
What are the names of shops that have more than a single kind of device in stock?
What is the name of the shop that has the most different kinds of devices in stock?
What are the different software platforms for devices, and how many devices have each?
What are the different software platforms for devices, ordered by frequency descending?
What are the names of shops that do not have any devices in stock?
What are the carriers of devices that are not in stock anywhere?
What are the carriers of devices that are in stock in more than a single shop?
What is the order date of each booking?
What are the planned delivery date and actual delivery date for each booking?
What are the phone and email for customer Harold?
What are the store names of drama workshop groups?
What are the distinct payment method codes in all the invoices?
What is the description of the marketing region China?
What is the description, code and the corresponding count of each service type?
What are the phones and emails of workshop groups in which services are performed?
What are the names of workshop groups in which services with product name "film" are performed?
What are the different product names? What is the average product price for each of them?
What are the product names with average product price smaller than 1000000?
What are the total order quantities of photo products?
How many distinct currency codes are there for all drama workshop groups?
What is the marketing region code that has the most drama workshop groups?
What are all the labels?
What are the different album labels listed?
What are the unique labels for the albums?
What are all the instruments used?
What are the different instruments listed in the database?
What is the type of vocables that appears most frequently?
What are the different types of vocals?
What are the names of products produced by both Creative Labs and Sony?
What are the names of companies that do not make DVD drives?
What are the names of all products?
What are the names and prices of all products in the store?
What is all the product data, as well as  each product's manufacturer?
What are the log id and entry description of each problem?
How many problems are there for product voluptatem?
What are the ids of the problems which are reported after 1978-06-26?
What are the ids of the problems which are reported before 1978-06-26?
What is the list of distinct product names sorted by product id?
What are the product ids for the problems reported by Christop Berge with closure authorised by Ashley Medhurst?
What are the ids of the problems reported before the date of any problem reported by Lysanne Turcotte?
What are the ids of the problems reported after the date of any problems reported by Rylan Homenick?
What are the three products that have the most problems?s
What are the ids of the problems that are from the product "voluptatem" and are reported after 1995?
How many different levels do members have?
What are the different membership levels?
What are the distinct registration dates and the election cycles?
What are the names and buying prices of all the products?
What are the descriptions for each color?
What are the different names of the product characteristics?
What are the names, color descriptions, and product descriptions for products in the 'Herbs' category?
What are the product ids and color descriptions for products with two or more characteristics?
What are the names of products with 'white' as their color description?
What are the names and data types of the characteristics of the 'cumin' product?
What are the names of the products that have a color description of 'red' and the 'fast' characteristic?
What are the unit of measure and category code for the 'chervil' product?
What is the description of the color for most products?
What is the description of the color used by least products?
What are the names, details and data types of the characteristics which are never used by any product?
What are characteristic names used at least twice across all products?
Give the names of characteristics that are in two or more products?
What are the names of all the dorms that don't have any amenities?
What are the different dorm amenity names in alphabetical order?
What are all the different product names, and how many complains has each received?
What are the emails and phone numbers of custoemrs who have never filed a complaint?
What are the authors of submissions and their colleges?
What is the total share of transactions?
How many distinct transaction types are used in the transactions?
What are the lot details of lots associated with transactions with share count smaller than 50?
What are the details of all sales and purchases?
What are the details of the lots which are not used in any transactions?
What are the distinct location names?
What is the detail of each visitor?
What are the distinct visit dates?
What are the details and opening hours of the museums?
What are the details of the shops that can be accessed by walk?
What is the count of different game types?
What are the different types of video games?
What are the names of all video games that are collectible cards?
What are the advisors
What are the ids for all sporty students who are on scholarship?
What are ids and total number of hours played for each game?
What are all the payment methods?
What are the details of all products?
What are the distinct Famous release dates?
What are the maximum and minimum week on top of all volumes?
How many distinct artists do the volumes associate to?
What are the different types of forms?
How many distinct payment methods are used by parties?
how many airports are there in each country?
What are the ids and details of all accounts?
What are the ids and details of all statements?
What are the ids and names for each of the documents?
What are the names and ids of documents that have the type code BK?
What are project ids of projects that have 2 or more corresponding documents?
How many documents are there of each type?
What are the codes corresponding to document types for which there are less than 3 documents?
What are the details for statements with the details 'Private Project', and what are the names of the corresponding documents?
What are the codes, names, and descriptions of the different document types?
What are the ids and details for each project?
What are the type codes and descriptions of each budget type?
What are the different budget type codes, and how many documents are there for each?
What are the ids of documents which don't have expense budgets?
What are the dates for the documents with both 'GV' type and 'SF' type expenses?
What is the total number of hours for all projects?
What is the average hours across all projects?
What are the naems of all the projects, and how many scientists were assigned to each of them?
What are the names of projects that require more than 300 hours, and how many scientists are assigned to each?
What are the names of the scientists, and how many projects are each of them working on?
What are the names of scientists who are assigned to any project?
What are the grapes and appelations of each wine?
What are the names and scores of all wines?
What are the names of wines with scores higher than 90?
What are the names of wines made from red grapes?
What are the names and scores of wines that are made of white color grapes?
What are the numbers of wines for different grapes?
What are the average prices of wines for different years?
What are the names of wines, sorted by price ascending?
What are the maximum price and score of wines produced by St. Helena appelation?
What are the maximum price and score of wines in each year?
What are the maximum price and score of wines for each year?
What are the average price and score of wines grouped by appelation?
What are the average price and score of wines for each appelation?
What are all locations of train stations?
What are the ids of all vehicles?
What are the first and last names for all customers?
What is the id of the most recent order?
What are the distinct details of invoices created before 1989-09-03 or after 2007-12-25?
What are all the different book publishers?
What are all the company names that have a book published by Alyson?
What are the titles of movies and books corresponding to companies incorporated in China?
