List the states where both the secretary of 'Treasury' department and the secretary of 'Homeland Security' were born.
Give the average number of working horses on farms with more than 5000 total horses.
What are the maximum and minimum number of cows across all farms.
Return the maximum and minimum number of cows across all farms.
Please show the different statuses of cities and the average population of cities with each status.
Show the status shared by cities with population bigger than 1500 and smaller than 500.
Return the duration of the actor with the greatest age.
What is the minimum, average, and maximum distance of all aircrafts.
Return the minimum, average and maximum distances traveled across all aircrafts.
What is average and maximum salary of all employees.
How many employees have certificate.
Who is the youngest employee in the company? List employee's first and last name.
List top 10 employee work longest in the company. List employee's first and last name.
What are the different ages of editors? Show each age along with the number of editors of that age.
What is the minimum, maximum, and average seating for all tracks.
Return the minimum, maximum, and average seating across all tracks.
What is the race class with most number of races.
Give the class of races that is most common.
Show year where a track with a seating at least 5000 opened and a track with seating no more than 4000 opened.
What are the first names and last names of the employees who live in Calgary city.
Find the total and average amount of settlements.
Return the founded year for the school with the largest enrollment.
Return the primary conference of the school with the lowest acc percentage score.
Return the average enrollment of universities founded before 1850.
Return the total and minimum enrollments across all schools.
Return the maximum enrollment across all schools.
Show the distinct position of players from college UCLA or Duke.
How many distinct official languages are there among countries of players whose positions are defenders.
Return the maximum number of points for climbers from the United Kingdom.
Return the countries of the mountains that have a height larger than 5000.
Return the name of the mountain with the greatest height.
List the distinct ranges of the mountains with the top 3 prominence.
Show the height of the mountain climbed by the climber with the maximum points.
Show the times used by climbers to climb mountains in Country Uganda.
Show the countries that have mountains with height more than 5600 stories and mountains with height less than 5200.
Show the range that has the most number of mountains.
Show the names of mountains with height more than 5000 or prominence more than 1000.
List the height and weight of people in descending order of height.
List the weight of the body builders who have snatch score higher than 140 or have the height greater than 200.
What is the party of the representative that has the smallest number of votes.
Show the parties that have both representatives in New York state and representatives in Pennsylvania state.
Which apartment type has the largest number of total rooms? Return the apartment type code, its number of bathrooms and number of bedrooms.
Sort the gender codes in descending order of their corresponding number of guests. Return both the gender codes and counts.
Give the name and building of the departments with greater than average budget.
Find the name and budget of departments whose budgets are more than the average budget.
What is the lowest salary in departments with average salary greater than the overall average.
Find the names and average salaries of all departments whose average salary is greater than 42000.
Show the names of people aged either 35 or 36.
Show the country where people older than 30 and younger than 25 are from.
Show the minimum, maximum, and average age for all people.
What is the average and minimum age of all artists from United States.
Return the average and minimum ages across artists from the United States.
Count the number of exhibitions that have had an attendnance of over 100 or a ticket prices under 10.
Return the average horizontal bar points across all gymnasts.
Return the age of the person with the greatest height.
Return the total points of the gymnast with the lowest age.
Return the average age across all gymnasts.
Give the hometowns from which two or more gymnasts are from.
Find the number of accounts with a savings balance that is higher than the average savings balance.
Find the checking balance of the accounts whose savings balance is higher than the average savings balance.
Find the names and total checking and savings balances of accounts whose savings balance is higher than the average savings balance.
Give the different reigns of wrestlers who are not located in Tokyo, Japan.
Show the reign and days held of wrestlers.
Show the average, maximum, minimum enrollment of all schools.
Show the names of schools with a total budget amount greater than 100 or a total endowment greater than 10.
List the name, IHSAA Football Class, and Mascot of the schools that have more than 6000 of budgeted amount or were founded before 2003, in the order of percent of total invested budget and total budgeted budget.
Show the number of buildings with a height above the average or a number of floors above the average.
Show the institution type with an institution founded after 1990 and an institution with at least 1000 enrollment.
Show the average, minimum, and maximum capacity for all the cinemas opened in year 2011 or later.
find the rank, company names, market values of the companies in the banking industry order by their sales and profits in billion.
Show the ministers and the time they took and left office, listed by the time they left office.
Show the minister who took office after 1961 or before 1959.
Return the names of parties that have two or more events.
Show the pilot positions that have both pilots joining after year 2005 and pilots joining before 2000.
Find the number of employees of each gender whose salary is lower than 50000.
Show the team that have at least two technicians.
Return the names of people, ordered by weight ascending.
Return the weight of the shortest person.
Give the total money requested by entrepreneurs who are taller than 1.85.
Return the dates of birth for entrepreneurs who have either the investor Simon Woodroffe or Peter Jones.
Return the weights of entrepreneurs, ordered descending by amount of money requested.
Return the investor who have invested in the greatest number of entrepreneurs.
Return the investors who have invested in two or more entrepreneurs.
Show the investors shared by entrepreneurs that requested more than 140000 and entrepreneurs that requested less than 120000.
What is the total kills of the perpetrators with height more than 1.84.
What are the countries of perpetrators? Show each country and the corresponding number of perpetrators there.
Show the countries that have both perpetrators with injures more than 50 and perpetrators with injures smaller than 20.
Find the count of universities whose campus fee is greater than the average campus fee.
report the total number of degrees granted between 1998 and 2002.
Return the poll resource associated with the most candidates.
Return the top 3 greatest support rates.
Return the poll source corresponding to the candidate who has the oppose rate.
find the names of people who are taller than 200 or lower than 190.
Find the average and minimum weight for each gender.
Find the name of the candidates whose oppose percentage is the lowest for each sex.
which gender got the highest average uncertain ratio.
Find the names of the candidates whose support percentage is lower than their oppose rate.
Count the number of people of each sex who have a weight higher than 85.
find the highest support percentage, lowest consider rate and oppose rate of all candidates.
list all female (sex is F) candidate names in the alphabetical order.
find the name of people whose height is lower than the average.
Return the minimum and maximum crime rates across all counties.
Return the hispanic percentage for cities in which the black percentage is greater than 10.
Show white percentages of cities and the crime rates of counties they are in.
Show the crime rate of counties with a city having white percentage more than 90.
Show the police force shared by counties with location on the east and west.
Show the case burden of counties in descending order of population.
Show the nations that have both hosts older than 45 and hosts younger than 35.
Return the total number of deaths and total damange in millions for storms that had a max speed greater than the average.
Return the maximum and minimum population among all counties.
Show the lieutenant governor and comptroller from the democratic party.
Count the number of distinct delegates who are from counties with population above 50000.
Return all the committees that have delegates from Democratic party.
Show the people that have been governor the most times.
Show the people that have been comptroller the most times and the corresponding number of times.
Which people severed as comptroller most frequently? Give me the name of the person and the frequency count.
Find the committees that have delegates both from from the democratic party and the liberal party.
Show the nations that have both journalists with more than 10 years of working and journalists with less than 3 years of working.
Find the average age and experience working length of journalists working on different role type.
Which major has between 2 and 30 number of students? List major and the number of students.
At which restaurant did the students spend the least amount of time? List restaurant and the time students spent on in total.
Give the districts which have two or more addresses.
Give me the maximum low temperature and average precipitation at the Amersham station.
Find the name, address, number of students in the departments that have the top 3 highest number of students.
What are the maximum and minimum number of silver medals for clubs.
List the types of competition that have at most five competitions of that type.
What are the positions with both players having more than 20 points and less than 10 points.
find the number of players whose points are lower than 30 in each position.
what is the average number of factories and maximum number of shops for manufacturers that opened before 1990.
display all the information of employees whose salary is in the range of 8000 and 12000 and commission is not null or department number does not equal to 40.
Find job id and date of hire for those employees who was hired between November 5th, 2007 and July 5th, 2009.
Find the salary and manager number for those employees who is working under a manager.
display the job title of jobs which minimum salary is greater than 9000.
display job Title, the difference between minimum and maximum salaries for those jobs which max salary within the range 12000 to 18000.
display the emails of the employees who have no commission percentage and salary within the range 7000 to 12000 and works in that department which number is 50.
display those departments where more than ten employees work who got a commission percentage.
display the average salary of employees for each department who gets a commission percentage.
display job ID for those jobs that were done by two or more for more than 300 days.
display job title and average salary of employees.
return the smallest salary for every departments.
Find the first name and last name and department id for those employees who earn such amount of salary which is the smallest salary of any of the departments.
What are the full names and department ids for the lowest paid employees across all departments.
Find the employee id for all employees who earn more than the average salary.
What are the names of departments that have at least one employee.
What are the employee ids for those who had two or more jobs.
Find the job ID for those jobs which average salary is above 8000.
display all the information of the employees whose salary if within the range of smallest salary and 2500.
Find the ids of the employees who does not work in those departments where some employees works whose manager id within the range 100 and 200.
display the department id and the total salary for those departments which contains at least two employees.
display the department ID, full name (first and last name), salary for those employees who is highest salary in every department.
List all the salary values players received in 2010 and 2001.
What is the name of each camera lens and the number of photos taken by it? Order the result by the count of photos.
Tell me the employee id of the head of the department with the least employees.
Show names of companies and that of employees in descending order of number of years working for that employee.
Return the average gross sales in dollars across all films.
Return the low and high estimates for all film markets.
Return the types of film market estimations in 1995.
What are the maximum and minimum number of cities in all markets.
Return the maximum and minimum number of cities across all markets.
What are the roles with three or more employees? Give me the role codes.
Find the number of people who is under 40 for each gender.
Find the name of people whose age is greater than any engineer sorted by their age.
Find the number of people whose age is greater than all engineers.
What is the name and age of every male? Order the results by age.
What is the total number of people who has no friend living in the city of Austin.
Find the max and min grade point for all letter grade.
Return the ids of the two department store chains with the most department stores.
Return the id of the department with the fewest staff assignments.
What are the maximum and minimum number of transit passengers of all aiports.
Take the average of the school enrollment.
Find the total population of the top 3 districts with the largest area.
Find the total population of the districts where the area is bigger than the average city area.
Find the states where have some college students in tryout and their decisions are yes.
Find the average and maximum hours for the students whose tryout decision is yes.
Find the average hours for the students whose tryout decision is no.
Which college has any student who is a goalie and succeeded in the tryout.
What is the state and enrollment of the colleges where have any students who got accepted in the tryout decision.
What are the names of all schools that have students trying out for the position of goal and 'mid'-field.
How many schools have some students playing in goalie and mid positions.
How many states that have some college students playing in the mid position but not in the goalie position.
Find the states where have the colleges whose enrollments are less than the largest size.
Find names of colleges with enrollment greater than that of some (at least one) college in the FL state.
Find names of all colleges whose enrollment is greater than that of all colleges in the FL state.
Give the average quantity of stocks.
How many drama workshop groups are there in each city? Return both the city and the count.
Return the average, maximum, and total revenues across all manufacturers.
Return the total revenue of companies with headquarters in Tokyo or Taiwan.
Find the name of companies whose revenue is greater than the average revenue of all companies.
Return all the distinct secretary votes made in the fall election cycle.
Report the distinct president vote and the vice president vote.
Find the distinct ages of students who have secretary votes in the fall election cycle.
Find the distinct Advisor of students who have treasurer votes in the spring election cycle.
Find the distinct majors of students who have treasurer votes.
Find the first and last names of all the female (sex is F) students who have president votes.
What are the first names and last names of the students who are 18 years old and have vice president votes.
Count the number of male students who had class senator votes in the fall election cycle.
Find the number of students whose city code is NYC and who have class senator votes in the spring election cycle.
Which students live in the city with code "NYC" and have class senator votes in the spring election cycle? Count the numbers.
Find the average age of students who live in the city with code "NYC" and have secretary votes in the spring election cycle.
Find the average age of female (sex is F) students who have secretary votes in the spring election cycle.
Show the countries that have both managers of age above 50 and managers of age below 46.
Show the working years of managers in descending order of their level.
Show the countries that have managers of age above 50 or below 46.
Find the average age of all students living in the each city.
Find the average and total capacity of dorms for the students with gender X.
Find the last name of students who is either female (sex is F) and living in the city of code BAL or male (sex is M) and in age of below 20.
List the first and last name of students who are not living in the city with code HKG, and sorted the results by their ages.
Find the average and oldest age for students with different sex.
Find the average age and number of male students (with sex M) from each city.
Find the number of students for the cities where have more than one student.
Show the average, minimum, and maximum age for different majors.
Return the average age across all artists.
Return the average number of weeks on top for volumes by artists that are at most 25 years old.
Return the number of music festivals of each category.
Return the rank for which there are the fewest captains.
Return the average and minimum age of captains in each class.
What is the city with the smallest GDP? Return the city and its GDP.
what is the GDP of the city with the largest population.
Show the types of schools that have two schools.
Find the names of scientists who are not working on the project with the highest hours.
What are the names of each scientist, the names of the projects that they work on, and the hours for each of those projects, listed in alphabetical order by project name, then scientist name.
Find the maximum price of wins from the appelations in Central Coast area and produced before the year of 2005.
Find out the first name and last name of staff lived in city Damianfort.
How many airports are there per country? Order the countries by decreasing number of airports.
show the name of all bridges that was designed by american archtect, and sort the result by the bridge feet length.
What is the average, maximum, and minimum budget for all movies before 2000.
Return the average, maximum, and minimum budgets in millions for movies made before the year 2000.
