What are the hosts of competitions whose theme is not "Aliens"?
Return the hosts of competitions for which the theme is not Aliens?
List the id of students who never attends courses?
List the id of students who attended some courses?
Find id of the candidate whose email is stanley.monahan@example.org?
What is the id of the candidate whose email is stanley.monahan@example.org?
Find id of the candidate who most recently accessed the course?
Find the cell mobile number of the candidates whose assessment code is "Fail"?
Find distinct cities of addresses of people?
List the names of courses in alphabetical order?
List the first names of people in alphabetical order?
For each zip code, what is the average mean temperature for all dates that start with '8'?
For each zip code, find the ids of all trips that have a higher average mean temperature above 60?
On which day and in which zip code was the min dew point lower than any day in zip code 94107?
In zip code 94107, on which day neither Fog nor Rain was not observed?
What are the titles of the books whose writer is not "Elaine Lee"?
What are the names of musicals with nominee "Bob Fosse"?
What is the partition id of the user named "Iron Man".
What is the attribute data type of the attribute with name "Green"?
Which catalog publishers have substring "Murray" in their names?
What is the aircraft name for the flight with number 99
What is allergy type of a cat allergy?
Which city does the student whose last name is "Kim" live in?
Who is the advisor of student with ID 1004?
How many male students (sex is 'M') are allergic to any type of food?
What is Astrid Gruber's email and phone number?
In which country does Roberto Almeida?
What is the title of the album that was released by the artist whose name has the phrase 'Led'?
find the full name of employees who report to Nancy Edwards?
What is the address of employee Nancy Edwards?
What is Nancy Edwards's address?
What is employee Nancy Edwards's phone number?
What is the the phone number of Nancy Edwards?
Who is the composer of track Fast As a Shark?
What is the composer who created the track "Fast As a Shark"?
How long does track Fast As a Shark has?
What is the name of tracks whose genre is Rock?
What is the name of all tracks in the Rock genre?
What is the name of the album that has the track Ball to the Wall?
How much is the track Fast As a Shark?
What is the unit price of the tune "Fast As a Shark"?
Find number of tracks in each genre?
What is the average sales of the journals that have an editor whose work type is 'Photo'?
What are the other account details for the account with the name 338?
How many accounts does the customer with first name Art and last name Turcotte have?
What are the names for tracks without a race in class 'GT'.
Which address do not have any member with the black membership card?
What are the titles of albums by the artist "AC/DC"?
Hom many albums does the artist "Metallica" have?
Which artist does the album "Balls to the Wall" belong to?
What is the first name and last name of the customer that has email "luisg@embraer.com.br"?
Find the full name of the customer with the email "luisg@embraer.com.br".
How many customers have email that contains "gmail.com"?
What city does the employee who helps the customer with postal code 70174 live in?
What are the customer phone numbers under the policy "Life Insurance"?
What are the phone numbers of customers using the policy with the code "Life Insurance"?
How many policies are listed for the customer named "Dayana Robel"?
What are all the policy types of the customer named "Dayana Robel"?
What are the IDs of customers who have "Diana" in part of their names?
What is the maximum Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man (OMIM) value of the enzymes?
What is the product, chromosome and porphyria related to the enzymes which take effect at the location 'Cytosol'?
What is the product, chromosome, and porphyria of the enzymes located at 'Cytosol'?
What are the names of enzymes who does not produce 'Heme'?
What are the names of enzymes whose product is not 'Heme'?
What are the names of enzymes in the medicine named 'Amisulpride' that can serve as an 'inhibitor'?
What is the interaction type of the enzyme named 'ALA synthase' and the medicine named 'Aripiprazole'?
What is the type of interaction for the enzyme named 'ALA synthase' and the medicine named 'Aripiprazole'?
How many medicines have the FDA approval status 'No' ?
What are the medicine and trade names that cannot interact with the enzyme with the product 'Heme'?
Which enzyme names have the substring "ALA"?
What are the names of enzymes that include the string 'ALA'?
What are the chip model and screen mode of the phone with hardware model name "LG-P760"?
How many phone hardware models are produced by the company named "Nokia Corporation"?
What is maximum and minimum RAM size of phone produced by company named "Nokia Corporation"?
What is the average ROM size of phones produced by the company named "Nokia Corporation"?
What are the wifi and screen mode type of the hardware model named "LG-P760"?
What are the official native languages that contain the string "English".
How many distinct colleges are associated with players from the team with name "Columbus Crew".
What are the names of representatives whose party is not "Republican"?
What are the address and phone number of the buildings managed by "Brenden"?
What are the building full names that contain the word "court"?
What are dates of birth of all the guests whose gender is "Male"?
What are the booking start and end dates of the apartments with type code "Duplex"?
What is the booking status code of the apartment with apartment number "Suite 634"?
What is the average room count of the apartments whose booking status code is "Provisional"?
What are the start date and end date of the apartment bookings made by female guests (gender code "Female")?
How many rooms in total are there in the apartments in the building with short name "Columbus Square"?
What apartment type codes and apartment numbers do the buildings managed by "Kyle" have?
What is the season of the game which causes the player 'Walter Samuel' to get injured?
In which season and which stadium did any player have an injury of 'Foot injury' or 'Knee problem'?
Which stadium name contains the substring "Bank"?
Find the title of courses that have two prerequisites?
Find the title, credit, and department name of courses that have more than one prerequisites?
Find the name of the courses that do not have any prerequisite?
What is the name of the department with an instructure who has a name like 'Soisalon'?
Find the name of the students who have more than one advisor?
Find the name and salary of the instructors who are advisors of any student from History department?
Find the id of the courses that do not have any prerequisite?
Find the name of instructors who didn't teach any courses?
Find the id of instructors who didn't teach any courses?
What are the names of all instructors with names that include "dar"?
Show the distinct venues of debates
What are the type codes of the policies used by the customer "Dayana Robel"?
What is the description of the claim status "Open"?
Which customer is associated with the latest policy?
How many transaction does account with name 337 have?
What are the names and year of joining for artists that do not have the country "United States"?
What is the name of the artist who joined latest?
What is the name of the browser that became compatible with the accelerator 'CProxy' after year 1998 ?
When did the web accelerator 'CACHEbox' and browser 'Internet Explorer' become compatible?
Which accelerator name contains substring "Opera"?
What are the distinct reigns of wrestlers whose location is not "Tokyo,Japan" ?
What are the elimination moves of wrestlers whose team is "Team Orton"?
How many donors have endowment for school named "Glenn"?
How many proteins are associated with an institution founded after 1880 or an institution with type "Private"?
What are the daily hire costs for the products with substring 'Book' in its name?
Which member names corresponding to members who are not in the Progress Party?
What is the description of document status code 'working'?
What is the description of document type 'Paper'?
What is the role of the employee named Koby?
What address was the document with id 4 mailed to?
what are the event details of the services that have the type code 'Marriage'?
How many participants belong to the type 'Organizer'?
How many events had participants whose details had the substring 'Dr.'
Which events id does not have any participant with detail 'Kenyatta Kuhn'?
List the forename and surname of all distinct drivers who once had laptime less than 93000 milliseconds?
Find all the distinct id and nationality of drivers who have had laptime more than 100000 milliseconds?
Find the forename and surname of drivers whose nationality is German?
List the forenames of all distinct drivers in alphabetical order?
List the names of all distinct races in reversed  lexicographic order?
Find the id and location of circuits that belong to France or Belgium?
What is the name of the technician whose team is not 'NYY'?
What are the names of entrepreneurs whose investor is not "Rachel Elnaugh"?
What are the dates of birth of entrepreneurs with investor "Simon Woodroffe" or "Peter Jones"?
What are the names of perpetrators whose country is not "China"?
What are the names of perpetrators in country "China" or "Japan"?
which poll source does the highest oppose rate come from?
What is the id of the reviewer whose name has substring “Mike”?
What is the id of the reviewer whose name includes the word "Mike"?
What is the reviewer id of Daniel Lewis?
What is the id of the reviewer named Daniel Lewis?
What is the name of the most recent movie?
What is the title of the newest movie?
What is the decor of room Recluse and defiance?
What are the name of rooms booked by customers whose first name has "ROY" in part?
what are the details of the cmi masters that have the cross reference code 'Tax'?
Wat is the tax source system code and master customer id of the taxes related to each parking fine id?
What are the register ids of electoral registries that have the cross reference source system code 'Electoral' or 'Tax'?
How many council taxes are collected for renting arrears ?
Which cmi cross reference id is not related to any parking taxes?
Which distinct source system code includes the substring 'en'?
What are the first year and last year of the parties whose theme is "Spring" or "Teqnology"?
What is the zip code the county named "Howard" is located in?
In which distinct years was the governor "Eliot Spitzer"?
What is the address of the restaurant Subway?
What is the description of the restaurant type Sandwich?
What are the titles of papers published by "Jeremy Gibbons"?
What is the name of the institution that "Matthias Blume" belongs to?
Which institution does "Katsuhiro Ueno" belong to?
What is the name of the institution the author "Katsuhiro Ueno" belongs to?
What are the last names of the author of the paper titled "Binders Unbound"?
What are the first and last name of the author who published the paper titled "Nameless, Painless"?
What are the papers published under the institution "Indiana University"?
Which papers were written by authors from the institution "Google"?
How many papers are published by the institution "Tokohu University"?
How many papers are written by authors from the institution "University of Pennsylvania"?
Which papers have "Stephanie Weirich" as an author?
Which paper is published in an institution in "USA" and have "Turon" as its second author?
Find the titles of papers whose first author is affiliated with an institution in the country "Japan" and has last name "Ohori"?
Which paper's title contains the word "Database"?
What is the first name of the author with last name "Ueno"?
What is the phone number and postal code of the address 1031 Daugavpils Parkway?
What is the genre name of the film HUNGER ROOF?
What is the name of the language that the film 'AIRPORT POLLOCK' is in?
Which movies have 'Deleted Scenes' as a substring in the special feature?
When did the first payment happen?
Where does the customer with the first name Linda live? And what is her email?
Where does the staff member with the first name Elsa live?
What are the first names of customers who have not rented any films after '2005-08-23 02:06:01'?
What city and state is the bank with the name morningside in?
What are the start and end dates for incidents with incident type code "NOISE"?
What is the email of the student with first name "Emma" and last name "Rohan"?
What is the gender of the teacher with last name "Medhurst"?
What is the incident type description for the incident type with code "VIOLENCE"?
What is the zip code of the address where the teacher with first name "Lyla" lives?
What are the email addresses of teachers whose address has zip code "918"?
How many different locations does the school with code BUS has?
Find the description and credit for the course QM-261?
Find the first name of student who is taking classes from accounting and Computer Info. Systems departments
What is the name of the department that offers a course that has a description including the word "Statistics"?
What are the distinct years in which the competitions type is not "Tournament"?
What are the names of the clubs that have players in the position of "Right Wing"?
What is the average points of players from club with name "AIB".
What is the name of the artist who produced the shortest song?
What are the name, height and prominence of mountains which do not belong to the range 'Aberdare Range'?
What are the names of photos taken with the lens brand 'Sigma' or 'Olympus'?
What are the descriptions of the courses with name "database"?
What are the addresses of the course authors or tutors with personal name "Cathrine"
What are the login names of the students with family name "Ward"?
How many students have personal names that contain the word "son"?
What are the names of the courses taught by the tutor whose personal name is "Julio"?
What is the date of enrollment of the course named "Spanish"?
What are the enrollment dates of all the tests that have result "Pass"?
What are the completion dates of all the tests that have result "Fail"?
On what dates did the student with family name "Zieme" and personal name "Bernie" enroll in and complete the courses?
Find the id of the appointment with the most recent start date?
Find the name of medication used on the patient who stays in room 111?
Find the number of rooms for different block code?
Find the name and position of physicians who prescribe some medication whose brand is X?
Find the patient who has the most recent undergoing treatment?
Find the physician who prescribed the highest dose. What is his or her name?
Find the names of all procedures which cost more than 1000 but which physician John Wen was not trained in?
Show the names of companies in the banking or retailing industry?
Return the title of the film with the highest high estimate?
What is the document type code for document type "Paper"?
What is the date when the document "Marry CV" was stored?
What is the document type name for the document with name "How to read a book"?
What is the location code for the country "Canada"?
What are the name and description for role code "MG"?
What is the description of the role named "Proof Reader"?
What are the name, role code, and date of birth of the employee named 'Armani'?
What is the id for the employee called Ebba?
What are the employee ids of the employees whose role name is "Human Resource" or "Manager"?
What is the location name of the document "Robin CV"?
What is "the date in location from" and "the date in location to" for the document with name "Robin CV"?
How many people have membership in the club "Pen and Paper Gaming"?
What are the first name and last name of each male member in club "Hopkins Student Enterprises"?
Which club has the most members majoring in "600"?
What is the description of the club named "Tennis Club"?
What is the description of the club "Pen and Paper Gaming"?
What is the location of the club named "Tennis Club"?
Where us the club named "Tennis Club" located?
Where is the club "Pen and Paper Gaming" located?
Where is the club "Hopkins Student Enterprises" located?
What are the first and last name of the president of the club "Bootup Baltimore"?
How many different roles are there in the club "Bootup Baltimore"?
How many clubs does the student named "Eric Tai" belong to?
What are the names of the clubs that have "Davis Steven" as a member?
Which clubs have one or more members whose advisor is "1121"?
What is the average age of the members of the club "Bootup Baltimore"?
What are the distinct grant amount for the grants where the documents were sent before '1986-08-26 20:49:27' and grant were ended after '1989-03-16 18:27:16'?
What are the different grant amounts for documents sent before '1986-08-26 20:49:27' and after the grant ended on '1989-03-16 18:27:16'?
When did the first staff member start working?
Which document type is described with the prefix 'Initial'?
What is the type of the document whose description starts with the word 'Initial'?
What is the type description of the organization whose detail is listed as 'quo'?
What are the result description of the project whose detail is 'sint'?
What is the description for the results whose project detail is 'sint'?
What is the age of the doctor named Zach?
Find the names of females who are friends with Zach
What are the names of all females who are friends with Zach?
Find the male friend of Alice whose job is a doctor?
Who is the friend of Zach with longest year relationship?
Who is the person that has no friend?
What is the type of the document named "David CV"?
What are all the section titles of the document named "David CV"?
What are the average access counts of documents that have the functional area description "Acknowledgement"?
What are the names of documents that contain the substring "CV"?
What are the names of companies whose headquarters are not "USA"?
Which industries have both companies with headquarter in "USA" and companies with headquarter in "China"?
In which year are there festivals both inside the 'United States' and outside the 'United States'?
List all names of courses with 1 credit?
Find the name of the department that has no students minored in?
What is the name of the department htat has no students minoring in it?
What are the total number of Domestic Passengers of airports that contain the word "London".
What is the distinct service types that are provided by the organization which has detail 'Denesik and Sons Party'?
What are the distinct id and type of the thing that has the status 'Close' or has a status record before the date '2017-06-19 02:59:21'
How many distinct locations have the things with service detail 'Unsatisfied' been located in?
What are the resident details containing the substring 'Miss'?
Which city is the headquarter of the store named "Blackville" in?
What city is the headquarter of the store Blackville?
What products are available at store named "Miramichi"?
What products are sold at the store named Miramichi?
What are all of the products whose name includes the substring "Scanner"?
Find the marketing region description of China?
What is the phone number of the performer Ashley?
Which city is the address of the store named "FJA Filming" located in?
What is the name of the marketing region that the store Rob Dinning belongs to?
What are the names of the workshop groups that have bookings with status code "stop"?
What are the different stage positions for all musicians whose first name is "Solveig"?
What are the names of the songs by the artist whose last name is "Heilo"?
Hom many musicians performed in the song "Flash"?
How many musicians play in the song "Flash"?
What are the names of all songs produced by the artist with the first name "Marianne"?
What are the first and last names of the artist who perfomed the song "Badlands"?
What are the names of the songs whose title has the word "the"?
What instrument did the musician with last name "Heilo" use in the song "Le Pop"?
What instruments did the musician with the last name "Heilo" play in the song "Le Pop"?
How many songs have used the instrument "drums"?
What instruments does the the song "Le Pop" use?
What are the instruments are used in the song "Le Pop"?
How many instruments does the song "Le Pop" use?
How many different instruments are used in the song "Le Pop"?
How many instrument does the musician with last name "Heilo" use?
How many different instruments does the musician with the last name "Heilo" use?
Find all the instruments ever used by the musician with last name "Heilo"?
What are all the instruments used by the musician with the last name "Heilo"?
Which vocal type is the most frequently appearring type?
Which vocal type has the band mate with last name "Heilo" played the most?
What are the vocal types used in song "Le Pop"?
What are the types of vocals used in the song "Le Pop"?
Find the number of vocal types used in song "Demon Kitty Rag"?
What are the types of vocals used in the song "Demon Kitty Rag"?
Which vocal type did the musician with first name "Solveig" played in the song with title "A Bar in Amsterdam"?
What are the types of vocals that the musician with the first name "Solveig" played in the song "A Bar in Amsterdam"?
Who performed the song named "Le Pop"?
What is the first and last name of artist who performed "Le Pop"?
What instrument did the musician with last name "Heilo" use in the song "Badlands"?
What instruments did the musician with the last name "Heilo" play in "Badlands"?
How many different instruments are used in the song "Badlands"?
What are the vocal types used in song "Badlands"?
What types of vocals are used in the song "Badlands"?
How many vocal types are used in the song "Le Pop"?
Which vocal type has the band mate with first name "Solveig" played the most?
Which vocal type did the musician with last name "Heilo" played in the song with title "Der Kapitan"?
What are the types of vocals that the musician with the last name "Heilo" played in "Der Kapitan"?
Which vocal type has the band mate with first name "Marianne" played the most?
What is the first and last name of the artist who performed back stage for the song "Der Kapitan"?
What are the songs in album "A Kiss Before You Go: Live in Hamburg"?
What are the song titles on the album "A Kiss Before You Go: Live in Hamburg"?
What are the names of all the songs whose album is under the label of "Universal Music Group"?
Which problem id and log id are assigned to the staff named Rylan Homenick?
How many problems did the product called "voluptatem" have in record?
For each product that has problems, find the number of problems reported after 1986-11-13 and the product id?
List the names of all the distinct product names in alphabetical order?
List all the distinct product names ordered by product id?
List the ids of the problems from the product "voluptatem" that are reported after 1995?
Find the first and last name of the staff members who reported problems from the product "rem" but not "aut"?
Find the products which have problems reported by both Lacey Bosco and Kenton Champlin?
Who are the advisors for students that live in a city with city code "BAL"?
What are the names of products with category "Spices"?
How many products are there under the category "Seeds"?
Which category does the product named "flax" belong to?
What is the code of the category that the product with the name 'flax' belongs to?
What is the name of the product with the color description 'yellow'?
What is the color description of the product with name "catnip"?
What is the color code and description of the product named "chervil"?
How many characteristics does the product named "sesame" have?
How many distinct characteristic names does the product "cumin" have?
What are all the characteristic names of product "sesame"?
What are the names of the characteristics of the product 'sesame' that have the characteristic type code 'Grade'?
How many characteristics does the product named "laurel" have?
How many products have the characteristic named "hot"?
What are the different product names for products that have the 'warm' characteristic:?
How many products have the color description 'red' and the characteristic name 'slow'?
How many products have their color described as 'white' or have a characteristic with the name 'hot'?
What is the unit of measuerment of the product category code "Herbs"?
What is the description of the product category with the code 'Spices'?
What is the product category description and unit of measurement of category "Herbs"?
What is the unit of measurement of product named "cumin"?
What are the names of products that are not 'white' in color and are not measured by the unit 'Handful'?
How many stadiums are not in country "Russia"?
Show the builder of railways associated with the trains named "Andaman Exp".
Which city has the least number of customers whose type code is "Good Credit Rating"?
What is the description of the product named "Chocolate"?
What are the last names of staff with email addressed containing the substring "wrau"?
What are lines 1 and 2 of the addressed of the customer with the email "vbogisich@example.org"?
Of complaints with the type code "Product Failure", how many had each different status code?
Which authors with submissions are from college "Florida" or "Temple"?
Return the lot details of lots that belong to investors with details "l"?
What are the lot details of lots associated with transactions whose share count is bigger than 100 and whose type code is "PUR"?
What is the address of the location "UK Gallery"?
What is the detail of the location UK Gallery?
Which location names contain the word "film"?
What is the name of the tourist attraction that is associated with the photo "game1"?
What is the name of the staff that is in charge of the attraction named "US museum"?
What are the visit date and details of the visitor whose detail is 'Vincent'?
Which tourist attractions does the visitor with detail 'Vincent' visit?
Show all game names played by Linda Smith
What are the names of customers who use payment method "Cash"?
What is the address content of the customer named "Maudie Kertzmann"?
How many customers are living in city "Lake Geovannyton"?
Find the name of customers who are living in Colorado?
Which contact channel has been used by the customer with name "Tillman Ernser"?
What is the "active to date" of the latest contact channel used by "Tillman Ernser"?
What is the total quantity of products purchased by "Rodrick Heaney"?
How many customers have at least one order with status "Cancelled"?
How many orders have detail "Second time"?
What is the total number of products that are in orders with status "Cancelled"?
What are the famous titles of the artist "Triumfall"?
Return the famous titles of the artist called "Triumfall".
What are the category of music festivals with result "Awarded"?
What are the issue dates of volumes associated with the artist "Gorgoroth"?
What are the date of ceremony of music festivals with category "Best Song" and result "Awarded"?
Return the names and classes of ships that do not have a captain?
Find the match ids of the cities that hosted competition "1994 FIFA World Cup qualification"?
What is the match id of the competition called "1994 FIFA World Cup qualification"?
What is the venue of the competition "1994 FIFA World Cup qualification" hosted by "Nanjing ( Jiangsu )"?
What is the host year of city "Taizhou ( Zhejiang )"?
IN which year did city "Taizhou ( Zhejiang )" serve as a host city?
What is the payment method code and party phone of the party with the email 'enrico09@example.com'?
What are the names of organizations that contain the word "Party"?
Which state can address "6862 Kaitlyn Knolls" possibly be in?
What is the velocity of the pilot named 'Thompson'?
What are the names of the airports which are not in the country 'Iceland'?
Which of the airport names contains the word 'international'?
What are the type come, name, and description of the document that has either the name 'Noel CV' or 'King Book'?
What are the names and dates for documents corresponding to project that has the details 'Graph Database project'?
How many documents correspond with each project id?
What is the document type description for document type named Film?
What is the project detail for the project with document "King Book"?
What are the document ids for the budget type code 'SF'?
What is the name of the project that has a scientist assigned to it whose name contains 'Smith'?
Find the name of the scientist who worked on both a project named 'Matter of Time' and a project named 'A Puzzling Parallax'.
What are the names of any scientists who worked on projects named 'Matter of Time' and 'A Puzzling Pattern'?
What is the name of the highest rated wine?
Give the color of the grape whose wine products have the highest average price?
When did the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn join the company?
When did the staff member named Janessa Sawayn join the company?
When did the staff member with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn leave the company?
When did the staff member Janessa Sawayn leave the company?
What is the nickname of the employee named Janessa Sawayn?
Which city does staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn live?
Which country and state does staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn lived?
What is the zip code of staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn lived?
What is the zip code of the hosue of the employee named Janessa Sawayn?
What is the date of birth of every customer whose status code is 'Good Customer'?
When did customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard became a customer?
When did Carole Bernhard first become a customer?
How many lessons taken by customer with first name as Rylan and last name as Goodwin were completed?
Which country does customer with first name as Carole and last name as Bernhard lived in?
What is the country in which the customer Carole Bernhard lived?
What is the zip code of the customer Carole Bernhard?
How many lesson does customer with first name Ray took?
How many lessons did the customer with the first name Ray take?
What are the phone, room, and building of the faculty member called Jerry Prince?
What are the first name and last name of Linda Smith's advisor?
What are the names of the activities Mark Giuliano is involved in
What are the distinct customers who have orders with status "On Road"? Give me the customer details?
What are the dates of the orders made by the customer named "Jeramie"?
Give me a list of distinct product ids from orders placed between 1975-01-01 and 1976-01-01?
On which day was the order placed whose shipment tracking number is 3452?
On what day was the order with invoice number 10 placed?
Which customers have ever canceled the purchase of the product "food" (the item status is "Cancel")?
What are the names of the mills which are not located in 'Donceel'?
What is the location of the bridge named 'Kolob Arch' or 'Rainbow Bridge'?
Which of the mill names contains the french word 'Moulin'?
