Find the number of followers for each user.
Find the name and email of the user whose name contains the word ‘Swift’.
Find the name and email of the users who have more than 1000 followers.
Find the name and email for the users who have more than one follower.
Find the name of the user who has the largest number of followers.
Find the name and email of the user followed by the least number of people.
List the name and number of followers for each user, and sort the results by the number of followers in descending order.
List the names of 5 users followed by the largest number of other users.
Find the name and partition id for users who tweeted less than twice.
Find the average number of followers for the users who do not have any tweet.
Find the maximum and total number of followers of all users.
Find the list of attribute data types possessed by more than 3 attribute definitions.
Find the name and level of catalog structure with level between 5 and 10.
What are the entry names of catalog with the attribute possessed by most entries.
Find the entry names of the catalog with the attribute that have the most entries.
Which catalog content has the smallest capacity? Return the catalog entry name.
Find the names of catalog entries with level number 8.
Find the name and attribute ID of the attribute definitions with attribute value 0.
Which attribute definitions have attribute value 0? Give me the attribute name and attribute ID.
List all media types.
For each journal_committee, find the editor name and the journal theme.
Show all card type codes and the number of cards in each type.
Return the code of the card type that is most common.
Show the number of card types.
Show all transaction types.
Show the number of transaction types.
Show the transaction type and the number of transactions.
Find the maximum and minimum durations of tracks in milliseconds.
Find the policy type used by more than 4 customers.
Find the policy types more than 4 customers use. Show their type code.
List all the policy types used by the customer enrolled in the most policies.
List all the services in the alphabetical order.
Give me a list of all the service names sorted alphabetically.
List the maximum, minimum and average number of used kb in screen mode.
Show all distinct building descriptions.
Return the apartment number and the number of rooms for each apartment.
Show the most common apartment type code.
Show each apartment type code, and the maximum and minimum number of rooms for each type.
Return each apartment type code along with the maximum and minimum number of rooms among each type.
Find the names of all instructors who have taught some course and the course_id.
Which type of policy is most frequently used? Give me the policy type code.
Find the type code of the most frequently used policy.
Find all the policy types that are used by more than 2 customers.
Which types of policy are chosen by more than 2 customers? Give me the policy type codes.
Find the number of distinct stages in claim processing.
Which claim processing stage has the most claims? Show the claim status name.
Find the number of records of each policy type and its type code.
For each policy type, return its type code and its count in the record.
Show the number of accounts.
Show the number of customers for each gender.
Return the average, minimum, maximum, and total transaction amounts.
Show the transaction types and the total amount of transactions.
What is the order id and order details for the order more than two invoices.
Show the order ids and the number of items in each order.
List all information in the item table.
Find the names of users who did not leave any review.
Find the name of the user who gives the most reviews.
For each user, return the name and the average rating of reviews given by them.
For each user, find their name and the number of reviews written by them.
Find the name of the user who gave the highest rating.
Find the name of the source user with the highest average trust score.
Find each target user's name and average trust score.
Find the name of the target user with the lowest trust score.
Find the number of users who did not write any review.
Find the total saving balance for each account name.
Find the number of web accelerators used for each Operating system.
Show the protein name and the institution name.
How many employees does each role have? List role description, id and number of employees.
List roles that have more than one employee. List the role description and number of employees.
List the document type code for the document with the id 2.
List the document ids for any documents with the status code done and the type code paper.
Which document has the most draft copies? List its document id and number of draft copies.
Which documents have more than 1 draft copies? List document id and number of draft copies.
List all employees in the circulation history of the document with id 1. List the employee's name.
Which employee has showed up in most circulation history documents. List the employee's name and the number of drafts and copies.
For each document, list the number of employees who have showed up in the circulation history of that document. List the document ids and number of employees.
How many events have each participants attended? List the participant id, type and the number.
List the type of the services in alphabetical order.
List the service id and details for the events.
Find the names of all reviewers who have ratings with a NULL value for the date.
What is the cmi cross reference id that is related to at least one council tax entry? List the cross reference id and source system code.
What is the tax source system code related to the benefits and overpayments? List the code and the benifit id, order by benifit id.
List all information about customer master index, and sort them by details in descending order.
For each party, return its theme and the name of its host.
Show the average and maximum damage for all storms with max speed higher than 1000.
Find the name of the first 5 customers.
Return all distinct detention type codes.
Which assets have 2 parts and have less than 2 fault logs? List the asset id and detail.
How many assets does each maintenance contract contain? List the number and the contract id.
Which engineer has visited the most times? Show the engineer id, first name and last name.
Which parts have more than 2 faults? Show the part name and id.
List all every engineer's first name, last name, details and coresponding skill description.
For all the faults of different parts, what are all the decriptions of the skills required to fix them? List the name of the faults and the skill description.
How many assets can each parts be used in? List the part name and the number.
How many engineer visits are required at most for a single fault log? List the number and the log entry id.
Which engineers have never visited to maintain the assets? List the engineer first name and last name.
List the asset id, details, make and model for every asset.
Which part fault requires the most number of skills to fix? List part id and name.
Which kind of part has the least number of faults? List the part name.
Which fault log included the most number of faulty parts? List the fault log id, description and record time.
Which skill is used in fixing the most number of faults? List the skill id and description.
List the all the assets make, model, details by the disposed date ascendingly.
How many engineers did each staff contact? List both the contact staff name and number of engineers contacted.
Which assets did not incur any fault log? List the asset model.
Find the first names of all instructors who have taught some course and the course code.
Display the first name and department name for each employee.
display the department name and number of employees in each of the department.
Give the name of each department and the number of employees in each.
get the details of employees who manage a department.
display the employee number and name( first name and last name ) for all employees who work in a department with any employee whose name contains a ’T’.
List the file size and format for all songs that have resolution lower than 800.
Find the file format that is used by the most files.
List the id, color scheme, and name for all the photos.
list all the names of programs, ordering by launch time.
List the name, origin and owner of each program.
List all program origins in the alphabetical order.
Find the total rating ratio for each channel owner.
Count the number of tests with "Fail" result.
List each test result and its count in descending order of count.
Find the enrollment date for all the tests that have "Pass" result.
Return the completion date for all the tests that have "Fail" result.
List the name and cost of all procedures sorted by the cost from the highest to the lowest.
Sort the list of names and costs of all procedures in the descending order of cost.
Show the number of document types.
List all document type codes and document type names.
Give me the name and description of the document type code RV.
Show the number of documents with document type code CV or BK.
Give me the name and description of the location with code x.
List all role codes, role names, and role descriptions.
Show all role codes and the number of employees in each role.
Find the code of the role that have the most employees.
Show the role code with the least employees.
What is the role with the smallest number of employees? Find the role codes.
Show the location code, the starting date and ending data in that location for all the documents.
Show the location codes and the number of documents in each location.
Find the code of the location with the largest number of documents.
Show the location codes with at least 3 documents.
Show the location name and code with the least documents.
Show the id of each employee and the number of document destruction authorised by that employee.
Show the employee ids and the number of documents destroyed by each employee.
List the project details of the project both producing patent and paper as outcomes.
List the project details of the projects which did not hire any staff for a researcher role.
How many staff does each project has? List the project id and the number in an ascending order.
For each project id, how many staff does it have? List them in increasing order.
Which project made the most number of outcomes? List the project details and the project id.
Which projects have no outcome? List the project details.
How many documents can one grant have at most? List the grant id and number.
List the organisation id with the maximum outcome count, and the count.
How many tasks does each project have? List the task count and the project detail.
List the description of the outcomes for all projects.
Find the name and access counts of all documents, in alphabetic order of the document name.
Find the types of documents with more than 4 documents.
Find the total access count of all documents in the most popular document type.
Return the structure description of the document that has been accessed the fewest number of times.
Find the list of documents that are both in the most three popular type and have the most three popular structure.
What document types do have more than 10000 total access number.
Return the codes of the document types that do not have a total access count of over 10000.
Find all the name of documents without any sections.
List all the username and passwords of users with the most popular role.
Find names of the document without any images.
Return the name of the document that has the most sections.
Find the description of the most popular role among the users that have logged in.
Find the average access count of documents with the least popular structure.
List all the image name and URLs in the order of their names.
Find the number of users in each role.
Give the codes of document types that have more than 2 corresponding documents.
Show the most common type code across products.
Find the types and details for all premises and order by the premise type.
Show each premise type and the number of premises in that type.
Show the outcome code of mailshots along with the number of mailshots in each outcome code.
Show the premise type and address type code for all customer addresses.
What is the maximum number that a certain service is provided? List the service id, details and number.
List the id and type of each thing, and the details of the organization that owns it.
Which events have the number of notes between one and three? List the event id and the property id.
List the customer event id and the corresponding move in date and property id.
Please show different software platforms and the corresponding number of devices using each.
List the software platform shared by the greatest number of devices.
Show the minimum, average, maximum order quantity of all invoices.
Find the payment method that is used the most often in all the invoices. Give me its code.
List the description, code and the number of services for each service type.
Find the description and code of the service type that is performed the most times.
Which problem log was created most recently? Give me the log id.
Find the oldest log id and its corresponding problem id.
Find all the ids and dates of the logs for the problem whose id is 10.
For the problem with id 10, return the ids and dates of its problem logs.
List all the log ids and their descriptions from the problem logs.
List the first and last names of all distinct staff members who are assigned to the problem whose id is 1.
List the problem id and log id which are assigned to the staff named Rylan Homenick.
For each product with some problems, list the count of problems and the product id.
Show the membership level with most number of members.
List the description of all the colors.
Find the number of complaints with Product Failure type for each complaint status.
Compute the average score of submissions.
Show the result of the submission with the highest score.
Which submission received the highest score in acceptance result. Show me the result.
How many workshops did each author submit to? Return the author name and the number of workshops.
Sort the each workshop in alphabetical order of the venue. Return the date and venue of each workshop.
Show all distinct lot details.
Show the maximum amount of transaction.
Show the minimum amount of transactions whose type code is "PUR" and whose share count is bigger than 50.
Show the transaction type descriptions and dates if the share count is smaller than 10.
Show the average transaction amount for different transaction types.
Show the maximum and minimum share count of different transaction types.
Show the transaction type code that occurs the fewest times.
Show the transaction type code that occurs the most frequently.
Show the description of the transaction type that occurs most frequently.
Show the description and code of the attraction type most tourist attractions belong to.
Show all video game types.
Show all video games with type Collectible card game.
Return the total number of distinct customers.
Find the average order quantity per order.
List all the contact channel codes that were used less than 5 times.
Compute the average active time span of contact channels.
List all the types of forms.
Find name of the services that has never been used.
Show all account ids and account details.
Show statement id, statement detail, account detail for accounts.
Show all statement id and the number of accounts for each statement.
Show the statement id and the statement detail for the statement with most number of accounts.
Show the number of documents.
Show the ids and names of all documents.
Find names and ids of all documents with document type code BK.
Count the number of documents with the type code BK that correspond to each product id.
Show project ids and the number of documents in each project.
Return the id of the project that has the fewest corresponding documents.
Show the ids for projects with at least 2 documents.
List document type codes and the number of documents in each code.
Return the code of the document type that is most common.
Show the document type code with fewer than 3 documents.
Show all document type codes, document type names, document type descriptions.
Return the type name, type description, and date of creation for each document.
Show the number of projects.
List ids and details for all projects.
Return the ids and details corresponding to projects for which there are more than two documents.
List all budget type codes and descriptions.
Return the description of the budget type that has the code ORG.
Show the budget type code and description and the corresponding document id.
Show budget type codes and the number of documents in each budget type.
What is the budget type code with most number of documents.
Give the budget type code that is most common among documents with expenses.
Show ids for all documents in type CV without expense budgets.
What are the ids of documents with the type code CV that do not have expenses.
Find the number of distinct projects.
List the name of all projects that are operated longer than the average working hours of all projects.
Select the project names which are not assigned yet.
Show the detail of vehicle with id 1.
Find the number of routes and airport name for each source airport, order the results by decreasing number of routes.
Find the id of the order made most recently.
