Which department has more than 1 head at a time? List the id, name and the number of heads.
Which head's name has the substring 'Ha'? List the id and name.
Show the title and publication dates of books.
Please show the most common publication date.
List the titles of books that are not published.
List the name of actors whose age is not 20.
Find the id of users who are followed by Mary and Susan.
Find the id of users who are followed by Mary or Susan.
List the text of all tweets in the order of date.
Find the names and publication dates of all catalogs that have catalog level number greater than 5.
Which catalog contents have length below 3 or above 5? Find the catalog entry names.
What are the aircrafts with top 3 shortest lengthes? List their names.
Show the id and salary of Mark Young.
Show ids for all employees who don't have a certificate.
Show all allergy types.
Show all allergies and their types.
Show all allergy types and the number of allergies in each type.
Show all allergies with number of students affected.
Show all allergy type with number of students affected.
List the name of all playlist.
List the names of editors in ascending order of age.
Please show the most common age of editors.
Show the names of editors and the theme of journals for which they serve on committees.
Show the id, name of each editor and the number of journal committees they are on.
List the names of editors that are not on any journal committee.
List the phone numbers of all employees.
List the name of enzymes in descending lexicographical order.
List the names and the locations that the enzymes can make an effect.
What are the ids, names and FDA approval status of medicines in descending order of the number of enzymes that it can interact with.
List the medicine name and trade name which can both interact as 'inhibitor' and 'activitor' with enzymes.
List all information regarding the basketball match.
Show all information about each body builder.
List the names and origins of people who are not body builders.
List the names of members who did not attend any performance.
Find the names of all instructors in the Art department who have taught some course and the course_id.
Find the names of all instructors whose name includes the substring “dar”.
List the distinct names of the instructors, ordered by name.
Show the names of people, and dates and venues of debates they are on the affirmative side.
List the names of all the customers in alphabetical order.
Sort the customer names in alphabetical order.
Find the names of all the customers and staff members.
List all customers’ names in the alphabetical order.
List the names of the schools without any endowment.
Show all donor names.
Show all the distinct institution types.
Show institution names along with the number of proteins for each institution.
List member names and their party names.
Show names of parties that does not have any members.
Show all member names who are not in charge of any event.
List all document ids and receipt dates of documents.
List the names of technicians in ascending order of age.
Show names of technicians and series of machines they are assigned to repair.
Show names of technicians and the number of machines they are assigned to repair.
List the names of technicians who have not been assigned to repair machines.
List the companies and the investors of entrepreneurs.
List the number of people injured by perpetrators in ascending order.
What is the location of the perpetrator with the largest kills.
What is the name of the perpetrator with the biggest weight.
List the names of perpetrators in descending order of the year.
List the names of people that are not perpetrators.
Show the date of the tallest perpetrator.
what are the names of people who did not participate in the candidate election.
List all info about all people.
What are the ids of the movies that are not reviewed by Brittany Harris.
List the council tax ids and their related cmi cross references of all the parking fines.
List the names of hosts who did not serve as a host of any party in our record.
Show the names of journalists and the dates of the events they reported.
Show the names of journalists and the number of events they reported.
List the names of journalists who have not reported any event.
Which institution is the author "Matthias Blume" belong to? Give me the name of the institution.
Who belong to the institution "University of Oxford"? Show the first names and last names.
Which authors belong to the institution "Google"? Show the first names and last names.
Who is the author of the paper titled "Binders Unbound"? Give me the last name.
Find the papers which have "Olin Shivers" as an author.
Which papers did the author "Olin Shivers" write? Give me the paper titles.
Find the titles of the papers the author "Stephanie Weirich" wrote.
Which papers' first author is affiliated with an institution in the country "Japan" and has last name "Ohori"? Give me the titles of the papers.
Which author has written the most papers? Find his or her last name.
Which institution has the most papers? Find the name of the institution.
Which papers have the substring "ML" in their titles? Return the titles of the papers.
Which papers have the substring "Database" in their titles? Show the titles of the papers.
Who has written a paper that has the word "Functional" in its title? Return the first names of the authors.
Which authors have written a paper with title containing the word "Monadic"? Return their last names.
Which authors have last name "Ueno"? List their first names.
Which authors have first name "Amal"? List their last names.
Find the first names of all the authors ordered in alphabetical order.
Sort the first names of all the authors in alphabetical order.
Retrieve all the last names of authors in alphabetical order.
Retrieve all the first and last names of authors in the alphabetical order of last names.
Return the name of the category to which the film 'HUNGER ROOF' belongs.
Which language does the film AIRPORT POLLOCK use? List the language name.
Give the address of the staff member who has the first name Elsa.
Find the name of bank branches that provided some loans.
Return all detention summaries.
List all information about the assessment notes sorted by date in ascending order.
Find the last names of teachers who are not involved in any detention.
list names of all departments ordered by their names.
List the codes of all courses that take place in room KLR209.
Find the last name and hire date of the professor who is in office DRE 102.
Display all the information about the department Marketing.
display all the details from Employees table for those employees who was hired before 2002-06-21.
Find the ids of the departments where any manager is managing 4 or more employees.
display all the information about the department Marketing.
What are the unique ids of those departments where any manager is managing 4 or more employees.
display all the information of those employees who did not have any job in the past.
Find all the players' first name and last name who have empty death record.
find the name of the program that was launched most recently.
Which program was launched most recently? Return the program name.
Find the names of programs that are never broadcasted in the morning.
Which programs are never broadcasted in the morning? Give me the names of the programs.
find the names of programs whose origin is not in Beijing.
Which programs' origins are not "Beijing"? Give me the program names.
List the addresses of all the course authors or tutors.
List all the login names and family names of course author and tutors.
Which tests have "Pass" results? Return the dates when the tests were taken.
List all the subject names.
What are the names of all the subjects.
Which course author teaches the "advanced database" course? Give me his or her login name.
Find the common login name of course authors and students.
List the names of patients who have made appointments.
Which patients made more than one appointment? Tell me the name and phone number of these patients.
List the name of physicians who took some appointment.
What are the names of all the physicians who took appointments.
List the name of physicians who never took any appointment.
Which physicians have never taken any appointment? Find their names.
Find the names of all physicians and their primary affiliated departments' names.
Find the name of the patient who made the appointment with the most recent start date.
How many patients do each physician take care of? List their names and number of patients they take care of.
Which physicians are in charge of more than one patient? Give me their names.
List the names of all the physicians who prescribe Thesisin as medication.
Which physicians prescribe a medication of brand X? Tell me the name and position of those physicians.
What are the names of the physicians who have 'senior' in their titles.
Find the names of nurses who are nursing an undergoing treatment.
List the names of all distinct medications, ordered in an alphabetical order.
List the physicians' employee ids together with their primary affiliation departments' ids.
What are each physician's employee id and department id primarily affiliated.
Which physicians are affiliated with both Surgery and Psychiatry departments? Tell me their names.
Which physicians are affiliated with either Surgery or Psychiatry department? Give me their names.
Find the names of patients who are not using the medication of Procrastin-X.
What are the names of patients who are not taking the medication of Procrastin-X.
Find the number of patients who are not using the medication of Procrastin-X.
Find the names of nurses who are on call.
Report the first name and last name of all the teachers.
Find the last names of all the teachers that teach GELL TAMI.
Find all first-grade students who are NOT taught by OTHA MOYER. Report their first and last names.
Show the names of companies and of employees.
When was the document named "Marry CV" stored? Give me the date.
Which employees have the role with code "HR"? Find their names.
Show all role codes with at least 3 employees.
Show the name and description of the role played by the employee named Ebba.
Show the names of employees with role name Editor.
Give me all the distinct location codes for documents.
List the names of the employees who authorized the destruction of documents and the employees who destroyed the corresponding documents.
Show the ids of the employees who don't authorize destruction for any document.
Which employees do not authorize destruction for any document? Give me their employee ids.
Show the ids of all employees who have authorized destruction.
Show the ids of all employees who have destroyed a document.
Show the ids of all employees who don't destroy any document.
Which employees do not destroy any document? Find their employee ids.
Show the ids of all employees who have either destroyed a document or made an authorization to do this.
Give me the name of each club.
Who are the members of the club named "Bootup Baltimore"? Give me their last names.
Who are the members of the club named "Hopkins Student Enterprises"? Show the last name.
Find the number of clubs where "Tracy Kim" is a member.
Which members of "Bootup Baltimore" major in "600"? Give me their first names and last names.
Who is the "CTO" of club "Hopkins Student Enterprises"? Show the first name and last name.
List the clubs having "Davis Steven" as a member.
What are all the details of the organisations described as 'Sponsor'? Sort the result in an ascending order.
List the research staff details, and order in ascending order.
What details are there on the research staff? List the result in ascending alphabetical order.
list the name, job title of all people ordered by their names.
Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of Dan or Alice.
Find the name of persons who are friends with Bob.
Find the name, age, and job title of persons who are friends with Alice for the longest years.
List the names of members in ascending alphabetical order.
Show the names of members and names of colleges they go to.
List the name of staff who has been assigned multiple jobs.
What are the phone numbers of all customers and suppliers.
List the names and phone numbers of all the distinct suppliers who supply red jeans.
List all pilot names in ascending alphabetical order.
Which organizations are not a parent organization of others? List the organization id.
Find the name and hours of the students whose tryout decision is yes.
List the order dates of all the bookings.
Show all the Store_Name of drama workshop groups.
Return the name of the marketing region the store Rob Dinning is located in.
Give me all the phone numbers and email addresses of the workshop groups where services are performed.
List the email addresses of the drama workshop groups located in Alaska state.
Which workshop groups have bookings with status code "stop"? Give me the names.
Which staff members are assigned to the problem with id 1? Give me their first and last names.
Give me a list of descriptions of the problems that are reported by the staff whose first name is Christop.
Which problems are reported by the staff with first name "Christop"? Show the descriptions of the problems.
Find the ids of the problems that are reported by the staff whose last name is Bosco.
Which problems are reported by the staff with last name "Bosco"? Show the ids of the problems.
Find the ids of the problems reported after 1978-06-26.
Which problems are reported before 1978-06-26? Give me the ids of the problems.
Which problems were reported by the staff named Dameon Frami or Jolie Weber? Give me the ids of the problems.
Which problems were reported before the date of any problem reported by the staff Lysanne Turcotte? Give me the ids of the problems.
Find the ids of the problems reported after the date of any problems reported by the staff Rylan Homenick.
Show member names without any registered branch.
Find the names of the swimmers who have no record.
Find the capacity and gender type of the dorm whose name has substring ‘Donor’.
List in alphabetic order all different amenities.
List name of all amenities which Anonymous Donor Hall has, and sort the results in alphabetic order.
Return the first names of the 5 staff members who have handled the most complaints.
List the authors of submissions in ascending order of scores.
Show the most common college of authors of submissions.
Show the authors of submissions and the acceptance results of their submissions.
For each submission, find its author and acceptance result.
Show each author and the number of workshops they submitted to.
Show all investor details.
Show the names and details of all the staff members.
Show details of all visitors.
Find all the distinct visit dates.
Which tourist attraction is associated with the photo "game1"? Return its name.
Show ids for all students who live in CHI.
Show ids for all students who have advisor 1121.
Show student ids who don't have any sports.
Show ids of students who don't play video game.
Show ids of students who play video game and play sports.
Find the name of all customers.
Which customer's name contains "Alex"? Find the full name.
Find all the addresses in East Julianaside, Texas or in Gleasonmouth, Arizona.
What are all the addresses in East Julianaside, Texas or in Gleasonmouth, Arizona.
Find the names of customers who never ordered product Latte.
What are names of customers who never ordered product Latte.
Find the names of customers who never placed an order.
What are the names of customers who never made an order.
Find the last name of the individuals that have been contact individuals of an organization.
Show the names of the drivers without a school bus.
List all statement ids and statement details.
What are the ids of documents with letter 's' in the name with any expense budgets.
Give the ids of documents that have expenses and contain the letter s in their names.
Find the name of the project for which a scientist whose name contains ‘Smith’ is assigned to.
List the names of all scientists sorted in alphabetical order.
Find the name of scientists who are not assigned to any project.
List the first name middle name and last name of all staff.
Show ids for all the male faculty.
Show the phone, room, and building for the faculty named Jerry Prince.
Show the first name and last name for all the instructors.
Who is the advisor of Linda Smith? Give me the first name and last name.
Show ids for the faculty members who don't advise any student.
What are the ids of the faculty members who do not advise any student.
List all the activities we have.
Show the ids of the faculty who don't participate in any activity.
Which faculty do not participate in any activity? Find their faculty ids.
Show the names of all the activities Mark Giuliano participates in.
Show the ids of the students who don't participate in any activity.
Which customers made orders between 2009-01-01 and 2010-01-01? Find their names.
List the name, nationality and id of all male architects ordered by their names lexicographically.
List all company names with a book published by Alyson.
