Please show the themes of competitions with host cities having populations larger than 1000.
List the most common type of Status across cities.
Find the official names of cities with population bigger than 1500 or smaller than 500.
For each city, return the highest latitude among its stations.
For each zip code, return the average mean temperature of August there.
Which start station had the most trips starting from August? Give me the name and id of the station.
What are the ids of stations that are located in San Francisco and have average bike availability above 10.
Give me ids for all the trip that took place in a zip code area with average mean temperature above 60.
Which trip started from the station with the largest dock count? Give me the trip id.
Count the number of trips that did not end in San Francisco city.
Find the ids and names of stations from which at least 200 trips started.
Find the zip code in which the average mean visibility is lower than 10.
For each zip code, select all those that have an average mean visiblity below 10.
What are the dates that had the top 5 cloud cover rates? Also tell me the cloud cover rate.
For each station, return its longitude and the average duration of trips that started from the station.
For each station, find its latitude and the minimum duration of trips that ended at the station.
Find the id for the trips that lasted at least as long as the average duration of trips in zip code 94103.
Find the day in which the difference between the max temperature and min temperature was the smallest. Also report the difference.
Give me the zip code where the average mean humidity is below 70 and at least 100 trips took place.
Show publishers that have more than one publication.
Show me the departure date and arrival date for all flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu.
What is the average price for flights from Los Angeles to Honolulu.
What is the average distance and average price for flights from Los Angeles.
Give the city that the student whose family name is Kim lives in.
Give the different locations of tracks.
Find the locations where have both tracks with more than 90000 seats and tracks with less than 70000 seats.
Find the id and address of the shops whose score is below the average score.
Find the address and staff number of the shops that do not have any happy hour.
which shop has happy hour most frequently? List its id and number of happy hours.
Find all the customer information in state NY.
Find the full names of employees living in the city of Calgary.
Find the cities corresponding to employees who help customers with the postal code 70174.
Find the number of different cities that employees live in.
Find the address of all customers that live in Germany and have invoice.
Find the birth dates corresponding to employees who live in the city of Edmonton.
Find the accreditation level that more than 3 phones use.
List the countries that have more than one mountain.
Give me a list of all the distinct building descriptions.
Which buildings does "Emma" manage? Give me the short names of the buildings.
Give me the minimum and maximum bathroom count among all the apartments.
Find the average number of bedrooms of all the apartments.
Find the average room count of the apartments that have the "Studio" type code.
Which apartments have type code "Flat"? Give me their apartment numbers.
Find the booking start date and end date for the apartments that have more than two bedrooms.
Show the facility codes of apartments with more than 4 bedrooms.
Show the addresses of the buildings that have apartments with more than 2 bathrooms.
Which buildings have apartments that have more than two bathrooms? Give me the addresses of the buildings.
Return the apartment number with the largest number of bedrooms.
Show the apartment type code that has the largest number of total rooms, together with the number of bathrooms and number of bedrooms.
Show the most common apartment type code among apartments with more than 1 bathroom.
Find the number of apartments that have no facility.
Which apartments have bookings with both status codes "Provisional" and "Confirmed"? Give me the apartment numbers.
Which apartments have unit status availability of both 0 and 1? Return their apartment numbers.
Find the id and name of the stadium where the largest number of injury accidents occurred.
Show the locations that have at least two performances.
Show the locations that have both performances with more than 2000 attendees and performances with less than 1000 attendees.
Find the buildings which have rooms with capacity more than 50.
Count the number of rooms that are not in the Lamberton building.
Count the number of rooms in Lamberton with capacity lower than 50.
Find the number of rooms with more than 50 capacity for each building.
Find the maximum and average capacity among rooms in each building.
Show the opening year in whcih at least two churches opened.
Return the different countries for artists.
Find the names of schools that have more than one donator with donation amount above 8.5.
List the names of buildings with at least 200 feet of height and with at least 20 floors.
Show all the locations where no cinema has capacity over 800.
Show the cinema name and location for cinemas with capacity above average.
Find the distinct locations that has a cinema.
Show each location and the number of cinemas there.
Show all the locations with at least two cinemas with capacity above 300.
Find the locations that have more than one movie theater with capacity above 300.
Show the names of phones and the districts of markets they are on.
Show the company name and the main industry for all companies whose headquarters are not from USA.
Show all main industry for all companies.
Show headquarters with at least two companies in the banking industry.
Show all headquarters without a company in banking industry.
Show the company name with the number of gas station.
Show company name and main industry without a gas station.
Show the manager name for gas stations belonging to the ExxonMobil company.
order all gas station locations by the opening year.
find the location and Representative name of the gas stations owned by the companies with top 3 Asset amounts.
Find the names of departments that are located in Houston.
Report the name of all campuses in Los Angeles county.
Find the name of the campuses that is in Northridge, Los Angeles or in San Francisco, San Francisco.
List the campuses in Los Angeles county.
Show the number of cities in counties that have a population more than 20000.
Show the names of cities in counties that have a crime rate less than 100.
Find the names of all modern rooms with a base price below $160 and two beds.
What are the names of modern rooms that have a base price lower than $160 and two beds.
Find all the rooms that have a price higher than 160 and can accommodate more than 2 people. Report room names and ids.
What are the room names and ids of all the rooms that cost more than 160 and can accommodate more than two people.
Find the most popular room in the hotel. The most popular room is the room that had seen the largest number of reservations.
How many times does ROY SWEAZY has reserved a room.
Which room has the highest rate? List the room's full name, rate, check in and check out date.
Find the total number of king beds available.
List the names and decor of rooms that have a king bed. Sort the list by their price.
Which room has cheapest base price? List the room's name and the base price.
Find the first and last names of people who payed more than the rooms' base prices.
Find the number of rooms with a king bed.
Find the number of rooms for each bed type.
Find the name of the room with the maximum occupancy.
Find the id and name of the most expensive base price room.
Find the number of rooms with king bed for each decor type.
How many rooms have king beds? Report the number for each decor type.
Find the number of rooms with price higher than 120 for different decor.
Find the number of distinct bed types available in this inn.
Find the name and id of the top 3 expensive rooms.
Find the name of rooms whose price is higher than the average price.
What are the name of rooms that cost more than the average.
Find the number of rooms that do not have any reservation.
Find the names of rooms that have been reserved for more than 60 times.
Find the name of rooms whose base price is between 120 and 150.
Which rooms cost between 120 and 150? Give me the room names.
Find the name of rooms booked by some customers whose first name contains ROY.
Give me the theme and location of each party.
Which party had the most hosts? Give me the party location.
How many hosts does each nationality have? List the nationality and the count.
Which parties have hosts of age above 50? Give me the party locations.
Show the host names for parties with number of hosts greater than 20.
Which parties have more than 20 hosts? Give me the host names for these parties.
Which county do the delegates on "Appropriations" committee belong to? Give me the county names.
Which county has the largest population? Give me the name of the county.
What are the 3 counties that have the smallest population? Give me the county names.
Which counties have two or more delegates? Give me the county names.
Show me all the restaurants.
Which restaurants have highest rating? List the restaurant name and its rating.
Find the names of customers who are not living in the state of California.
Find the names and phone numbers of customers living in California state.
Find the name of route that has the highest number of deliveries.
Find the country that the most papers are affiliated with.
Which city has the most addresses? List the city name, number of addresses, and city id.
Return the address of store 1.
Count the number of items store 1 has in stock.
Find the number of customers in the banks at New York City.
Find the average number of customers in all banks of Utah state.
Find the city and state of the bank branch named morningside.
Find the branch names of banks in the New York state.
Find the number of different cities which banks are located at.
Find the number of different states which banks are located at.
Find the branch name of the bank that has the most number of customers.
Find the state which has the most number of customers.
Find the city and name of bank branches that provide business loans.
Find the maximum and minimum monthly rental for all student addresses.
Find all information about student addresses, and sort by monthly rental in descending order.
Find the id and city of the student address with the highest average monthly rental.
Give me the times and numbers of all trains that go to Chennai, ordered by time.
Find the number and time of the train that goes from Chennai to Guruvayur.
Find the number of trains starting from each origin.
Find the name of the train whose route runs through greatest number of stations.
Find the number of trains for each station, as well as the station network name and services.
Find names and times of trains that run through stations for the local authority Chiltern.
Find the id and local authority of the station with has the highest average high temperature.
Find the id and local authority of the station whose maximum precipitation is higher than 50.
Find the origins from which more than 1 train starts.
Which manufacturer has the most number of shops? List its name and year of opening.
Find the average number of factories for the manufacturers that have more than 20 shops.
Give me the name and year of opening of the manufacturers that have either less than 10 factories or more than 10 shops.
Find the id and number of shops for the company that produces the most expensive furniture.
Give me the names and prices of furnitures which some companies are manufacturing.
Find employee with ID and name of the country presently where (s)he is working.
find the name of all departments that do actually have one or more employees assigned to them.
Show me the number of parks the state of NY has.
Which team offers the lowest average salary? Give me the name and id of the team.
Find the number of games taken place in city Atlanta in 2000.
List the names of states that have more than 2 parks.
Find all the cities that have 2 to 4 parks.
Find the names of channels that are not owned by CCTV.
Which channels are not owned by CCTV? Give me the channel names.
Show me the owner of the channel with the highest rating.
find the total percentage share of all channels owned by CCTV.
Find the names of the channels that are broadcast in the morning.
Which channels are broadcast in the morning? Give me the channel names.
Which channels broadcast both in the morning and at night? Give me the channel names.
find the number of different programs that are broadcast during night time.
find the program owners that have some programs in both morning and night time.
Find the name of the program that is broadcast most frequently.
Which program is broadcast most frequently? Give me the program name.
Find the number of rooms located on each block floor.
Tell me the distinct block codes where some rooms are available.
Find the number of distinct room types available.
Find the names of all patients who have an undergoing treatment and are staying in room 111.
What nurses are on call with block floor 1 and block code 1? Tell me their names.
Find the ids of the nurses who are on call in block floor 1 and block code 1.
Show the most common headquarter for companies.
Show the headquarters that have at least two companies.
Show the headquarters that have both companies in banking industry and companies in oil and gas industry.
Show the names of employees that work for companies with sales bigger than 200.
Count the number of markets that have a number of cities lower than 300.
Who is the president of the club "Bootup Baltimore"? Give me the first and last name.
Which clubs have one or more members from the city with code "BAL"? Give me the names of the clubs.
Which clubs have one or more members from the city with code "HOU"? Give me the names of the clubs.
Find the stories of the building with the largest height.
List the name of a building along with the name of a company whose office is in the building.
Show the names of the buildings that have more than one company offices.
Which buildings have more than one company offices? Give me the building names.
Show the name of the building that has the most company offices.
Which building has the largest number of company offices? Give me the building name.
List the names of buildings that have no company office.
Which buildings do not have any company office? Give me the building names.
Show the headquarters shared by more than two companies.
Give the phones for departments in room 268.
Find the names of departments that are either in division AS or in division EN and in Building NEB.
Please show the names and descriptions of aircrafts associated with airports that have a total number of passengers bigger than 10000000.
Show all information on the airport that has the largest number of international passengers.
Find all types of store and number of them.
Find the names of all stores in Khanewal District.
Find all the stores in the district with the most population.
Find the number of stores in each city.
Find the city with the most number of stores.
Find the names of districts where have both city mall and village store type stores.
Find the name, enrollment of the colleges whose size is bigger than 10000 and location is in state LA.
Find the states where have some college students in tryout.
Find the names of either colleges in LA with greater than 15000 size or in state AZ with less than 13000 enrollment.
Find the city the store named "FJA Filming" is in.
Find the states or counties where the stores with marketing region code "CA" are located.
Which marketing region has the most drama workshop groups? Give me the region code.
Show all cities where at least one customer lives in but no performer lives in.
Find the total revenue created by the companies whose headquarter is located at Austin.
Give the distinct headquarters of manufacturers.
Find the number of manufactures that are based in Tokyo or Beijing.
Find the name of companies whose revenue is between 100 and 150.
Find the name of companies whose revenue is smaller than the revenue of all companies based in Austin.
Find the total revenue of companies whose revenue is larger than the revenue of some companies based in Austin.
Find the name and revenue of the company that earns the highest revenue in each city.
Find the number of different products that are produced by companies at different headquarter cities.
Find the name of companies that do not make DVD drive.
List all open years when at least two shops are opened.
Show minimum and maximum amount of memberships for all branches opened in 2011 or located at city London.
Find the name of branches where have some members whose hometown is in Louisville, Kentucky and some in Hiram, Georgia.
Return the code of the city that has the most students.
Find the name of the stadium that has the maximum capacity.
Find the names of stadiums whose capacity is smaller than the average capacity.
Find the country that has the most stadiums.
Show the id and builder of the railway that are associated with the most trains.
Show the most common builder of railways.
Show the locations that have more than one railways.
List the object number of railways that do not have any trains.
Find the name of dorms that can accommodate more than 300 students.
Find the number of distinct amenities.
Find the total capacity of all dorms.
Find the number of dorms that have some amenity.
Find the numbers of different majors and cities.
Find the name of dorms which have both TV Lounge and Study Room as amenities.
Find the name of dorms which have TV Lounge but no Study Room as amenity.
Find the name of the dorm with the largest capacity.
Find the code of city where most of students are living in.
Find the number of amenities for each of the dorms that can accommodate more than 100 students.
Find the name of amenity that is most common in all dorms.
Find the first name of students who are living in the dorm that has most number of amenities.
Find the name and capacity of the dorm with least number of amenities.
Find the name of dorms that do not have amenity TV Lounge.
Find the first and last name of students who are living in the dorms that have amenity TV Lounge.
Find the first name and age of students who are living in the dorms that do not have amenity TV Lounge.
Find the phone number of all the customers and staff.
Give the state that has the most customers.
Find the total number of available hotels.
Tell me the price ranges for all the hotels.
Show the price ranges of hotels with 5 star ratings.
Show the average price range of hotels that have 5 star ratings and allow pets.
Which tourist attractions can we get to by bus? Tell me the names of the attractions.
Find the names and opening hours of the tourist attractions that we get to by bus or walk.
Give me the star rating descriptions of the hotels that cost more than 10000.
Give me the detail and opening hour for each museum.
Which tourist attractions are related to royal family? Tell me their details and how we can get there.
Find the details of the shops that can be reached by walk.
Find the details of all the markets that are accessible by walk or bus.
Show the average price of hotels for each star rating code.
Show the average price of hotels for different pet policy.
What are the average prices of hotels grouped by their pet policy.
Show the details of the top 3 most expensive hotels.
Show the details and star ratings of the 3 least expensive hotels.
Show the transportation method most people choose to get to tourist attractions.
Which attraction type does the most tourist attractions belong to? Tell me its  attraction type description and code.
Show different ways to get to attractions and the number of attractions that can be accessed in the corresponding way.
List all the possible ways to get to attractions, together with the number of attractions accessible by these methods.
Show the names and ids of tourist attractions that are visited at least two times.
Which tourist attractions are visited at least twice? Give me their names and ids.
Show the names and ids of tourist attractions that are visited at most once.
Find the names of the tourist attractions that is either accessible by walk or at address 660 Shea Crescent.
Find the tourist attractions that have parking or shopping as their feature details. What are the names of the attractions?
Find the names of the tourist attractions that is either accessible by bus or at address 254 Ottilie Junction.
Which tourist attractions do the tourists Vincent and Marcelle visit? Tell me the names of the attractions.
Find the number of customers who live in the city called Lake Geovannyton.
Find the list of cities that no customer is living in.
Find the city where the most customers live.
Find the city with post code 255.
Please show the most common status of roller coasters.
Show the park of the roller coaster with the highest speed.
Show the names of countries that have more than one roller coaster.
Show the name and population of the country that has the highest roller coaster.
Find the ship type that are used by both ships with Panama and Malta flags.
Find the city that hosted some events in the most recent year. What is the id of this city?
Find the city that hosted the most events.
Which city has the lowest GDP? Please list the city name and its GDP.
Give me a list of cities whose temperature in Mar is lower than that in Dec and which have never been host cities.
Please give me a list of cities whose regional population is over 10000000.
Please give me a list of cities whose regional population is over 8000000 or under 5000000.
Find the GDP of the city with the largest regional population.
Which cities have served as host cities more than once? Return me their GDP and population.
Find the name of all the cities and states.
Show the home city with the most number of drivers.
Show the party with drivers from Hartford and drivers older than 40.
Show home city where at least two drivers older than 40 are from.
find the name of driver who is driving the school bus with the longest working history.
Find the name of projects that require between 100 and 300 hours of work.
Find the wineries that have at least four wines.
Show all locations that have train stations with at least 15 platforms and train stations with more than 25 total passengers.
Show all locations which don't have a train station with at least 15 platforms.
Show the location with most number of train stations.
Find the names of the trains that do not pass any station located in London.
Which city lives most of staffs? List the city name and number of staffs.
List the states which have between 2 to 4 staffs living there.
Find the number of activities available.
Find the name of the airport in the city of Goroka.
Find the name, city, country, and altitude (or elevation) of the airports in the city of New York.
Find the name of the airports located in Cuba or Argentina.
Find the name of airports whose altitude is between -50 and 50.
Find the number of routes operated by American Airlines.
Find the number of routes whose destination airports are in Canada.
Find the name, city, and country of the airport that has the lowest altitude.
Find the name, city, and country of the airport that has the highest latitude.
Find the name and city of the airport which is the destination of the most number of routes.
Find the names of the top 10 airlines that operate the most number of routes.
Find the name and city of the airport which is the source for the most number of flight routes.
Find the number of different airports which are the destinations of the American Airlines.
How many airports are there per city in the United States? Order the cities by decreasing number of airports.
Return the cities with more than 3 airports in the United States.
List the cities which have more than one airport and number of airports.
List the cities which have more than 2 airports sorted by the number of airports.
Find the number of routes for each source airport and the airport name.
Find the average elevation of all airports for each country.
Find the cities which have exactly two airports.
Find the number of routes with destination airports in Italy.
Find the number of routes that have destination John F Kennedy International Airport.
Find the number of routes from the United States to Canada.
Find the id of routes whose source and destination airports are in the United States.
Find the name of airline which runs the most number of routes.
Find the busiest source airport that runs most number of routes in China.
Find the busiest destination airport that runs most number of routes in China.
