How many heads of the departments are older than 56 ?
What are the names of the heads who are born outside the California state?
What are the names of the states where at least 3 heads were born?
What is the total horses record for each farm, sorted ascending?
What are the themes of farm competitions sorted by year in ascending order?
What are the first and last names of all the candidates?
What are the first names of the people in alphabetical order?
What are the dates with a maximum temperature higher than 85?
What are the names of stations that have latitude lower than 37.5?
What are the names of all stations with a latitude smaller than 37.5?
What are the different names for each station that has ever had 7 bikes available?
What are the start station's name and id for the one that had the most start trips in August?
What is the id of the bike that traveled the most in 94002?
What is the latitude, longitude, city of the station from which the shortest trip started?
What is the latitude, longitude, and city of the station from which the trip with smallest duration started?
What are the names and ids of stations that had more than 14 bikes available on average or were installed in December?
What are the names and ids of all stations that have more than 14 bikes available on average or had bikes installed in December?
What are the 3 most common cloud covers in the zip code of 94107?
What is the installation date for each ending station on all the trips?
What is the id of the trip that started from the station with the highest dock count?
What are the ids of all stations that have a latitude above 37.4 and have never had less than 7 bikes available?
What are the name, latitude, and city of the station with the lowest latitude?
What is the name, latitude, and city of the station that is located the furthest South?
What are the date, mean temperature and mean humidity for the top 3 days with the largest max gust speeds?
What are the ids and durations of the trips with the top 3 durations?
What are the ids of the trips that lasted the longest and how long did they last?
For each start station id, what is its name, longitude and average duration of trips started there?
What are all the different start station names for a trip that lasted less than 100?
What are the ids of all trips that had a duration as long as the average trip duration in the zip code 94103?
What are the id and name of the stations that have ever had more than 12 bikes available?
What are the names of the stations that are located in Palo Alto but have never been the ending point of the trips
How many trips stated from  a station in Mountain View and ended at one in Palo Alto?
What are the names of actors, ordered alphabetically?
What is the duration of the oldest actor?
What are the names of actors ordered descending by the year in which their musical was awarded?
What are the names and distances for all airplanes?
What are the ids of all aircrafts that can cover a distance of more than 1000?
What is the name and distance for aircraft with id 12?
What is the name and distance for the aircraft that has an id of 12?
What is the id and name of the aircraft that can cover the maximum distance?
What are the names of all aircrafts that can cover more distances than average?
What is the name of the 3 employees who get paid the least?
What is the flight number, origin, and destination for all flights in alphabetical order by departure cities?
What are the numbers of all flights coming from Los Angeles?
What are the origins of all flights that are headed to Honolulu?
What are the departure and arrival dates of all flights from LA to Honolulu?
What is the average price for flights from LA to Honolulu?
What are the numbers of the shortest flights?
What are the destinations and number of flights to each one?
What is the name of the aircraft that was on flight number 99?
What are the flight numbers for the aircraft Airbus A340-300?
What are the names for all aircrafts with at least 2 flights?
What are the names of all aircrafts that John Williams have certificates to be able to fly?
What are the names of all employees who have a certificate to fly Boeing 737-800?
What are the names of all employees who can fly both the Boeing 737-800 and the Airbus A340-300?
What are the names of all employees who are not certified to fly Boeing 737-800s?
What are the names of the aircraft that the least people are certified to fly?
What are the first and last names of the 5 customers who purchased something most recently?
What are the titles of all the albums alphabetically ascending?
What are the titles of all albums that start with A in alphabetical order?
What are the first and last names of the top 10 longest-serving employees?
What is the total amount of money spent by Lucas Mancini?
What are the names and ages of editors?
What are the names and locations of all tracks?
What are the names and seatings for all tracks opened after 2000, ordered by seating?
What are the names, classes, and dates for all races?
What are the names of different tracks, and how many races has each had?
What is the name of the track that has had the greatest number of races?
What are the names and dates of races, and the names of the tracks where they are held?
What are the names and locations of tracks that have had exactly 1 race?
What are all the album titles, in alphabetical order?
What are the birth dates of employees living in Edmonton?
What is the team name and acc regular season score of the school that was founded for the longest time?
What are the all games score and location of the school called Clemson?
What is all the information about the basketball match?
What are the names of all the teams in the basketball competition, sorted by all home scores in descending order?
What are the names and capitals of each country?
Who are the different players and how many years has each played?
What are the names of all teams?
For each player, what are their name, season, and country that they belong to?
What are the players who played for Columbus Crew, and how many years did each play for?
What are all the players who played in match season, sorted by college in ascending alphabetical order?
What are the names of the climbers, ordered by points descending?
What are the names of mountains in ascending alphabetical order?
What is the name of the highest mountain?
What are the names of countains that no climber has climbed?
What are the birthdays of people in ascending order of height?
What are the names of body builders?
What are the names of body builders whose total score is higher than 300?
What is the name of the body builder with the greatest body weight?
What are the names of body builders in descending order of total scores?
What are the total scores of the body builders whose birthday contains the string "January" ?
What are the names and parties of representatives?
What are the names of representatives with more than 10000 votes in election?
What are the names of representatives in descending order of votes?
What are the first names and last names of all the guests?
What are the ids, scores, and dates of the games which caused at least two injury accidents?
What are the id and name of the stadium where the most injury accidents happened?
What is the average weight of all players?
What are the names of players who have the best dribbling?
Who are the top 3 players in terms of overall rating?
What are the names and buildings of the deparments, sorted by budget descending?
What are the names of instructors who didn't teach?
What are the names of the customers and staff members?
What are the names of products that have never been ordered?
What are the names of artists who did not have an exhibition in 2004?
What is the name of the player with the largest number of votes?
What are the total points for all gymnasts, ordered by total points descending?
What are the names of people in ascending alphabetical order?
What are the names of gymnasts?
What are the names of gymnasts whose hometown is not "Santo Domingo"?
What is the age of the tallest person?
What are the names of the five oldest people?
What is the average age of all gymnasts?
What are the names of gymnasts, ordered by their heights ascending?
From which hometowns did both people older than 23 and younger than 20 come from?
What are the ages of the gymnasts, ordered descending by their total points?
What are the names of all the customers in alphabetical order?
What are the names of the wrestlers, ordered descending by days held?
What is the name of the wrestler with the fewest days held?
What are the names and location of the wrestlers?
What are the names of wrestlers and the elimination moves?
What are the names of wrestlers and their teams in elimination, ordered descending by days held?
What are the names of wrestlers days held less than 100?
What are the names of wrestlers who have never been eliminated?
What is the location with the most cinemas opened in year 2010 or later?
What are the gas station ids, locations, and manager names for the gas stations ordered by opening year?
What are the names of the managers for gas stations that are operated by the ExxonMobil company?
What is the name of the manager with the most gas stations that opened after 2000?
What are the locations of all the gas stations ordered by opening year?
What are the locations and representatives' names of the gas stations owned by the companies with the 3 largest amounts of assets?
Who are the ministers, when did they take office, and when did they leave office, ordered by when they left office?
Who are the ministers who took office after 1961 or before 1959?
Who are the ministers and what parties do they belong to, listed descending by the times they took office?
What is the name of party with most number of members?
What are the names of parties that have no members?
What are the names of parties with at least 2 events?
What is the name of member in charge of greatest number of events?
What are the positions and teams of pilots?
What is the joined year of the pilot of the highest rank?
Show the fleet series of the aircrafts flied by pilots younger than 34
What is the name of the race held most recently?
What is the name of the race that occurred most recently?
What is the name and date of the most recent race?
What is the name and date of the race that occurred most recently?
What are the names of all the races that occurred in the year 2017?
What are the unique names of all race held between 2014 and 2017?
What are the forenames and surnames of all unique drivers who had a lap time of less than 93000 milliseconds?
What are the different driver ids and nationalities of all drivers who had a laptime of more than 100000 milliseconds?
What is the forename and surname of the driver with the shortest laptime?
What is the id and family name of the driver who has the longest laptime?
What is the id and last name of the driver with the longest laptime?
What is the id, forname and surname of the driver who had the first position in terms of laptime at least twice?
What is the id, first name, and last name of the driver who was in the first position for laptime at least twice?
Give me a list of names and years of races that had any driver whose forename is Lewis?
What are the names and years of all races that had a driver with the last name Lewis?
What is the first and last name of all the German drivers?
Find the id and forenames of drivers who participated both the races with name Australian Grand Prix and the races with name Chinese Grand Prix?
What is the id and first name of all the drivers who participated in the Australian Grand Prix and the Chinese Grand Prix?
What are the forenames and surnames of drivers who participated in the races named Australian Grand Prix but not the races named Chinese Grand Prix?
What are the first and last names of all drivers who participated in the Australian Grand Prix but not the Chinese Grand Prix?
Find all the forenames of distinct drivers who was in position 1 as standing and won?
Find all the forenames of distinct drivers who won in position 1 as driver standing and had more than 20 points?
What are the first names of the different drivers who won in position 1 as driver standing and had more than 20 points?
What are the names of races that were held after 2017 and the circuits were in the country of Spain?
What are the names of the races held after 2017 in Spain?
What are the unique names of races that held after 2000 and the circuits were in Spain?
What are the names of all races held after 2000 in Spain?
What are the different ids and stop durations of all the drivers whose stop lasted longer than the driver in the race with the id 841?
What are the first names of all the different drivers in alphabetical order?
What are the different names of all the races in reverse alphabetical order?
What are the names of races held between 2009 and 2011?
What are the names of all races held between 2009 and 2011?
What are the names of races held after 12:00:00 or before 09:00:00?
What are the names of all races that occurred after 12:00:00 or before 09:00:00?
What are the drivers' first, last names and id who had more than 8 pit stops or participated in more than 5 race results?
What are the drivers' first names,last names, and ids for all those that had more than 8 stops or participated in more than 5 races?
What are the drivers' last names and id who had 11 pit stops and participated in more than 5 race results?
What are the last names and ids of all drivers who had 11 pit stops and participated in more than 5 races?
What is the id and last name of the driver who participated in the most races after 2010?
What are the names of circuits that belong to UK or Malaysia?
What are the names of all the circuits that are in the UK or Malaysia?
What are the names of all the Japanese constructors that have earned more than 5 points?
What is the average fastest lap speed in race named 'Monaco Grand Prix' in 2008 ?
What is the average fastest lap speed for the Monaco Grand Prix in 2008?
What is the maximum fastest lap speed in race named 'Monaco Grand Prix' in 2008 ?
What is the maximum fastest lap speed in the Monaco Grand Prix in 2008?
What are the maximum fastest lap speed in races held after 2004 grouped by race name and ordered by year?
For each race name, What is the maximum fastest lap speed for races after 2004 ordered by year?
What are the average fastest lap speed in races held after 2004 grouped by race name and ordered by year?
What is the average fastest lap speed for races held after 2004, for each race, ordered by year?
Find the id, forename and number of races of all drivers who have at least participated in two races?
What is the id, forename, and number of races for all drivers that have participated in at least 2 races?
Find the driver id and number of races of all drivers who have at most participated in 30 races?
Find the id and surname of the driver who participated the most number of races?
What are the ids and last names of all drivers who participated in the most races?
What are the names of the technicians by ascending order of age?
What are the names of the technicians aged either 36 or 37?
What are the teams with the most technicians?
What are the names of the technicians that have not been assigned to repair machines?
What are the starting years shared by the technicians from the team "CLE" or "CWS"?
What are the names of people in ascending order of weight?
What are the names of entrepreneurs?
What are the names of people who are not entrepreneurs?
What are the names of people in ascending order of height?
What are the heights of perpetrators in descending order of the number of people they injured?
What are the campuses that opened in 1958?
What are the names of all people, ordered by their date of birth?
What are the names of all female candidates in alphabetical order (sex is F)?
What are the titles of all movies that James Cameron directed after 2000?
What are the ids of all moviest hat have not been reviewed by Britanny Harris?
What are the ids of all reviewers who did not give 4 stars?
What are the ids of all reviewers who have not given 4 stars at least once?
What are the names of the counties of public safety, ordered by population descending?
What are the names of cities in ascending alphabetical order?
What are the names of hosts who did not host any party in our record?
What are the codes and names for all regions, sorted by codes?
What are the names of the regions in alphabetical order?
What are the names, dates active, and number of deaths for storms that had 1 or more death?
What are the names and damage in millions for storms, ordered by their max speeds descending?
What are the names of the storms that affected Denmark?
What are the delegate and name of the county they belong to, for each county?
What are the names of the county that the delegates on "Appropriations" committee belong to?
Find the parties associated with the delegates from district 1. Who served as governors of the parties?
Find the parties associated with the delegates from district 1 or 2. Who served as comptrollers of the parties?
What are the names of parties that have both delegates on "Appropriations" committee and
Show the names of journalists and the names of the events they reported in ascending order
What is the last name of the author that has published the most papers?
How many different last names do the actors and actresses have?
Find the ids and first names of the 3 teachers that have the most number of assessment notes?
What are all the distinct last names of all the engineers?
What are the names of all departments in alphabetical order?
What are the first names of all employees that are professors ordered by date of birth?
What are the different regions of clubs in ascending alphabetical order?
What is the average number of gold medals for a club?
What are the names of all the clubs starting with the oldest?
What are the names of all the clubs ordered in descending alphabetical order?
What are the names and players of all the clubs?
What is the average number of points for players from the "AIB" club?
What are the names of all clubs that do not have any players?
What is the total number of points for all players?
What are the names of all players that got more than the average number of points?
What are all the employees without a department number?
On what dates were employees without the letter M in their first names hired?
What is all the information about employees hired before June 21, 2002?
What are all the employee ids and the names of the countries in which they work?
What are the full names and cities of employees who have the letter Z in their first names?
What is average salary of the players in the team named 'Boston Red Stockings' ?
What are first and last names of players participating in all star game in 1998?
What are the first name and last name of the players whose death record is empty?
How many players born in USA are right-handed batters? That is, have the batter value 'R'.
List the maximum scores of the team Boston Red Stockings when the team won in postseason?
What are the name and id of the team with the most victories in 2008 postseason?
How many players were in the team Boston Red Stockings in 2000?
How much salary did the top 3 well-paid players get in 2001?
What were all the salary values of players in 2010 and 2001?
In which year did the least people enter hall of fame?
How many games in total did team Boston Red Stockings attend from 2000 to 2010?
How much did the the player with first name Len and last name Barker earn between 1985 to 1990 in total?
How many home games did the team Boston Red Stockings play from 1990 to 2000 in total?
What are the id and name of the mountains that have at least 2 photos?
What is the list of program names, sorted by the order of launch date?
What are the names of the channels owned by CCTV or HBS?
What are names of patients who made an appointment?
What is the name of the nurse has the most appointments?
What is the alphabetically ordered list of all the distinct names of nurses?
What is the number of ships?
what are the names of the ships ordered by ascending tonnage?
What are the names of the ships that are not from the United States?
What are the names of the ships  that are from either the US or the UK?
What is the name of the ship with the largest tonnage?
What is the ship with the largest amount of tonnage called?
What are the mission codes, fates, and names of the ships involved?
What are the names of ships that were involved in a mission launched after 1928?
What are the names of the ships that are not involved in any missions?
What are the countries for each market, ordered alphabetically?
What are all the calendar dates and day Numbers?
What are the ids of all the employees who have destroyed documents?
What are the names of all clubs?
What is the name of the person who is the oldest?
What are the names and job titles of every person ordered alphabetically by name?
What are the names of everybody sorted by age in descending order?
What are the names and ages of every person who is a friend of both Dan and Alice?
What are the different names and ages of every friend of either Dan or alice?
What are the names of everybody who has exactly one friend?
What are the names of all of Bob's friends?
What are all the friends of Alice who are female?
What are the names of all friends who are from New York?
What are the ages of all of Zach's friends who are in the longest relationship?
What are the names of all people who are friends with Alice for the shortest amount of time?
What are the names, ages, and jobs of all people who are friends with Alice for the longest amount of time?
What are the names of all people who do not have friends?
What are the names of all of Alice's friends of friends?
What are the names and urls of images, sorted alphabetically?
What are the names of buildings sorted in descending order of building height?
What are the names of the chairs of festivals, sorted in ascending order of the year held?
What are the names of festivals held in year 2007?
What are the full names of the 3 instructors who teach the most courses?
What are the names and addressed of customers who have both New and Pending orders?
What are the names and genders of staff who were assigned in 2016?
What are the names of staff who have been assigned multiple jobs?
What are the names and phone numbers for all suppliers, sorted in alphabetical order of their addressed?
What are the names and genders of staff who have held the title Sales Person, but never Clerical Staff?
What are the name of pilots aged 25 or older?
what is the name of every pilot who is at least 25 years old?
What are the names of the pilots in alphabetical order?
What are the names of all pilots 30 years old or young in descending alphabetical order?
What are the names of all the aircrafts associated with London Gatwick airport?
What are the names and descriptions of aircrafts associated with an airport that has more total passengers than 10000000?
What is the average total number of passengers of airports that are associated with aircraft "Robinson R-22"?
What is the average total number of passengers for all airports that the aircraft "Robinson R-22" visits?
What is the location and name of the winning aircraft?
What is the name of the aircraft that has won an award the most?
For each aircraft that has won an award, what is its name and how many time has it won?
What are the names of all pilots listed by descending age?
What are the names of all aircrafts that have won a match at least twice?
What are the names of all aicrafts that have never won any match?
What are the names of all aircrafts that are associated with both London Heathrow and Gatwick airports?
What is the name and age of the pilot younger than 30 who has won the most number of times?
what is the name and age of the youngest winning pilot?
How old is the youngest winning pilot and what is their name?
What are the names of the pilots that have not won any matches in Australia?
What are the teams of the players, sorted in ascending alphabetical order?
What are the teams that have the 5 oldest players?
What are the nicknames of schools whose division is not 1?
What is the name of the district with the most residents?
What is the name of the district with the smallest area?
What are the names of all the stores located in Khanewal District?
What are the names of players who train between 500 and 1500 hours?
What are the name of the players who received a card in descending order of the hours of training?
What are the names of schools with the top 3 largest size?
What are the names of the schools with the top 3 largest class sizes?
Which colleges does each player with a name that starts with the letter D  who tried out go to?
What are the names of all the states with college students playing in the mid position but no goalies?
What are the names of shops in ascending order of open year?
What is the headquarter of the company whose founder is James?
What are the names and headquarters of all manufacturers, ordered by revenue descending?
Who is the founders of companies whose first letter is S?
What are the names, headquarters and founders of the company with the highest revenue?
What are the names, headquarters and revenues for manufacturers, sorted by revenue descending?
What are the names, address roads, and cities of the branches ordered by opening year?
What are names for top three branches with most number of membership?
What are the names for the 3 branches that have the most memberships?
What are the card numbers, names, and hometowns of every member ordered by descending level?
What are the names of the members and branches at which they are registered sorted by year of registration?
For each branch id, what are the names of the branches that were registered after 2015?
What are the names of the members that have never registered at any branch?
What is the name and open year for the branch with most number of memberships registered in 2016?
What is the name and opening year for the branch that registered the most members in 2016?
What are the member names and hometowns of those who registered at a branch in 2016?
What are the card numbers of members from Kentucky?
What is the name of the event that happened in the most recent year?
What is the name of the stadium which held the most events?
What are the names of managers in ascending order of level?
What are the names and arrival times of trains?
What is the name of the oldest manager?
What are the names of the amenities that Smith Hall has?
What are the names of the dorm that does not have a TV Lounge?
What is first names of the top 5 staff who have handled the greatest number of complaints?
What are the details of the three most expensive hotels?
What are the name, id and the corresponding number of visits for each  tourist attraction?
What are the names of tourist attraction that Alison visited but Rosalind did not visit?
What are the names of all the video games and their types in alphabetical order?
What is the total number of games played?
What are the names of all the games that have been played for at least 1000 hours?
What are the names of all games played by Linda Smith?
What are the names of all the customers?
What are the state and country of all the cities that have post codes starting with 4.\
What are the speeds of the longest roller coaster?
How many captains with younger than 50 are in each rank?
What are the names of captains, sorted by age descending?
What are the names, classes, and ranks of all captains?
What are the names of captains that have either the rank Midshipman or Lieutenant?
What is the name of the youngest captain?
What is the name, type, and flag of the ship that was built in the most recent year?
What are the different ship flags, and how many ships have each?
What are the names of ships, ordered by year they were built and their class?
What types of ships have both ships that have Panama Flags and Malta flags?
What is the year in which most ships were built?
What are the names of ships that have more than one captain?
what are the names and classes of the ships that do not have any captain yet?
What is the name of the ship that is commanded by the youngest captain?
What are the names and flags of ships that do not have a captain with the rank of Midshipman?
What are the names of ships that are commanded by both captains with the rank of Midshipman and captains with the rank of Lieutenant?
What are the first, middle, and last names of all individuals, ordered by last name?
What are the names of organizations, ordered by the date they were formed, ascending?
What is the name of the organization that was formed most recently?
What are the names of the services that have never been used?
What are the names of all cities and states?
What are the names and types of the companies that have ever operated a flight?
What are the ids and names of the companies that operated more than one flight?
What is the id, name and IATA code of the airport that had most number of flights?
What are the different pilot names who had piloted a flight in the country 'United States' or in the airport named 'Billund Airport'?
What is the name of the project with the most hours?
What are the names of projects that have taken longer than the average number of hours for all projects?
What are the names of all the scientists in alphabetical order?
What are the SSN and names of scientists working on the project with the most hours?
What are the names of projects that have not been assigned?
What are the names of all wines produced in 2008?
What are the names of wines, sorted in alphabetical order?
What are the grapes, appelations, and wines with scores above 93, sorted by Name?
What are the names of the stations which serve both "Ananthapuri Express" and "Guruvayur Express" trains?
What are the details of the car with id 1?
What are the first and last names of all customers who lived in Lockmanfurt?
What are the names of the airports in the city of Goroka?
What is the name, city, country, and elevation for every airport in the city of New York?
What is the total number of airlines?
What are the names of all airports in Cuba or Argentina?
What are the countries of all airlines whose names start with Orbit?
What is the country of the airport with the highest elevation?
What is the name, city, and country of the airport with the lowest altitude?
What is the name, city, and country of the airport with the highest elevation?
For the airline ids with the top 10 most routes operated, what are their names?
What is the name of the country with the most number of home airlines?
What are the countries with the most airlines whose active status is Y?
For each  airport name, how many routes start at that airport, ordered from most to least?
What is the name of the airline with the most routes?
What is the name of the airport with the most number of routes that start in China?
Find all the order items whose product id is 11. What are the order item ids?
What are the distinct ids of products ordered between 1975-01-01 and 1976-01-01??
What are ids of the all distinct orders, sorted by placement date?
What are the invoice numbers created before 1989-09-03 or after 2007-12-25?
What are the names and year of construction for the mills of 'Grondzeiler' type?
What are the ids and names of the architects who built at least 3 bridges ?
What is the id, name and nationality of the architect who built most mills?
