List the name, born state and age of the heads of departments ordered by age.
List the creation year, name and budget of each department.
List the total number of horses on farms in ascending order.
List official names of cities in descending order of population.
List the official name and status of the city with the largest population.
Show the years and the official names of the host cities of competitions.
Give the years and official names of the cities of each competition.
Show the official names of the cities that have hosted more than one competition.
Show the status of the city that has hosted the greatest number of competitions.
Please show the different statuses, ordered by the number of cities that have each.
Return the different statuses of cities, ascending by frequency.
List the official names of cities that have not held any competition.
For each trip, return its ending station's installation date.
List the name and the number of stations for all the cities that have at least 15 stations.
List all the cities in a decreasing order of each city's stations' highest latitude.
For each city, list their names in decreasing order by their highest station latitude.
Show flight number, origin, destination of all flights in the alphabetical order of the departure cities.
Show all flight number from Los Angeles.
Show origins of all flights with destination Honolulu.
Show flight number for all flights with more than 2000 distance.
Show the flight number of flights with three lowest distances.
Show all origins and the number of flights from each origin.
Show all destinations and the number of flights to each destination.
Show all flight numbers with aircraft Airbus A340-300.
Show aircraft names and number of flights for each aircraft.
Show names for all employees who have certificates on both Boeing 737-800 and Airbus A340-300.
Show all cities where students live.
Show all cities and corresponding number of students.
Show ids, first names, last names, and phones for all customers.
Show the name and location for all tracks.
Return the name, location, and seating of the track that was opened in the most recent year.
Show the name of track and the number of races in each track.
Show the name of track with most number of races.
Show the name and date for each race and its track name.
Show the name and location of track with 1 race.
Give me the names of members whose address is in Harford or Waterbury.
Show the shop addresses ordered by their opening year.
List all the customers in increasing order of IDs.
List all schools and their nicknames in the order of founded year.
List all public schools and their locations.
Find the founded year of the newest non public school.
Show the country name and capital of all countries.
Give the different positions of players who play for the country with the capital Dublin.
Give the names of mountains in alphabetical order.
List each birth place along with the number of people from there.
List the votes of elections in descending order.
List the dates and vote percents of elections.
What are the names of representatives and the dates of elections they participated in.
What are the different parties of representative? Show the party name and the number of representatives in each party.
List the names of representatives that have not participated in elections listed here.
Show the start dates and end dates of all the apartment bookings.
Show the apartment numbers, start dates, and end dates of all the apartment bookings.
Show the guest first names, start dates, and end dates of all the apartment bookings.
Return all the apartment numbers sorted by the room count in ascending order.
Sort the apartment numbers in ascending order of room count.
Show the apartment type codes and the corresponding number of apartments sorted by the number of apartments in ascending order.
Return each apartment type code with the number of apartments having that apartment type, in ascending order of the number of apartments.
Show the top 3 apartment type codes sorted by the average number of rooms in descending order.
Show each gender code and the corresponding count of guests sorted by the count in descending order.
Show the apartment numbers of apartments with unit status availability of both 0 and 1.
List the hosts of performances in ascending order of attendance.
Show different locations and the number of performances at each location.
Show the most common location of performances.
Show the names of members and the location of the performances they attended.
Show the names of members and the location of performances they attended in ascending alphabetical order of their names.
Show the names of members and the dates of performances they attended in descending order of attendance of the performances.
Find the name and building of the department with the highest budget.
List the names and buildings of all departments sorted by the budget from large to small.
List the venues of debates in ascending order of the number of audience.
Show different parties of people along with the number of people in each party.
Show the names of people, and dates and venues of debates they are on the negative side, ordered in ascending alphabetical order of name.
Show the name, open date, and organizer for all churches.
List all church names in descending order of opening date.
Show the organizer and name for churches that opened between 1830 and 1840.
Show all opening years and the number of churches that opened in that year.
Show the name and opening year for three churches that opened most recently.
Show the name and country for all people whose age is smaller than the average.
Show the name and age for all male people who don't have a wedding.
Show all church names except for those that had a wedding in year 2015.
Show all church names that have hosted least two weddings.
Show the names for all females from Canada having a wedding in year 2016.
Show the church names for the weddings of all people older than 30.
Show all countries and the number of people from each country.
Show all artist name, age, and country ordered by the yeared they joined.
Show theme and year for all exhibitions with ticket prices lower than 15.
Show theme and year for all exhibitions in an descending order of ticket price.
Return the names of people, ordered alphabetically.
List the distinct hometowns that are not associated with any gymnast.
Show the hometowns shared by people older than 23 and younger than 20.
Show all school names in alphabetical order.
List the name, location, mascot for all schools.
List the name of the school with the smallest enrollment.
Show each county along with the number of schools and total enrollment in each county.
Show each school name, its budgeted amount, and invested amount in year 2002 or after.
Show the name, street address, and number of floors for all buildings ordered by the number of floors.
Show the name of buildings that do not have any institution.
Show the names of buildings except for those having an institution founded in 2003.
For each building, show the name of the building and the number of institutions in it.
Show the names and heights of buildings with at least two institutions founded after 1880.
Show all the locations where some cinemas were opened in both year 2010 and year 2011.
Show name, opening year, and capacity for each cinema.
Show all the cinema names and opening years in descending order of opening year.
Show the names of phones and the districts of markets they are on, in ascending order of the ranking of the market.
For each phone, show its names and total number of stocks.
Show the names of phones that have total number of stocks bigger than 2000, in descending order of the total number of stocks.
Show all company names and headquarters in the descending order of market value.
List all headquarters and the number of companies in each headquarter.
Show gas station id, location, and manager_name for all gas stations ordered by open year.
Show all locations and the number of gas stations in each location ordered by the count.
Show the manager name with most number of gas stations opened after 2000.
Show all distinct region names ordered by their labels.
Show all ministers who do not belong to Progress Party.
Show all ministers and parties they belong to in descending order of the time they took office.
Return the minister who left office at the latest time.
Show all party names and the number of members in each party.
Return the name of the party with the most members.
Show all party names and their region names.
Show member names that are not in the Progress Party.
Show party names and the number of events for each party.
Count the number of Annual Meeting events that took place in the region of the United Kingdom.
List all department names ordered by their starting date.
list the first and last names, and the addresses of all employees in the ascending order of their birth date.
List the companies of entrepreneurs in descending order of money requested.
List the date of perpetrators in descending order of the number of people killed.
Find the id of the candidate who got the lowest oppose rate.
Please list support, consider, and oppose rates for each candidate in ascending order by unsure rate.
List all people names in the order of their date of birth from old to young.
Find the name and gender of the candidate who got the highest support rate.
Give the names of people who did not participate in the candidate election.
List the names of counties in descending order of population.
List the distinct police forces of counties whose location is not on east side.
Show the crime rates of counties in ascending order of number of police officers.
Return the names of cities, ordered alphabetically.
List the name of the county with the largest population.
List the names of the city with the top 5 white percentages.
Show names of cities and names of counties they are in.
Show the name of cities in the county that has the largest number of police officers.
Please show the police forces and the number of counties with each police force.
List the names of counties that do not have any cities.
Find the number of kids staying in the rooms reserved by a person called ROY SWEAZ.
Find the number of adults for the room reserved and checked in by CONRAD SELBIG on Oct 23, 2010.
Return the number of kids for the room reserved and checked in by DAMIEN TRACHSEL on  Sep 21, 2010.
List how many times the number of people in the room reached the maximum occupancy of the room. The number of people include adults and kids.
List the type of bed and name of all traditional rooms.
List the name of all rooms sorted by their prices.
List the name of rooms with king or queen bed.
Show different nationalities along with the number of hosts of each nationality.
Show the most common nationality of hosts.
Show the themes of parties and the names of the party hosts.
Show the locations of parties and the names of the party hosts in ascending order of the age of the host.
Show the name and the nationality of the oldest host.
Show all region code and region name sorted by the codes.
List all region names in alphabetical order.
Show names for all regions except for Denmark.
Return the names of all regions other than Denmark.
Count the number of storms in which at least 1 person died.
List name, dates active, and number of deaths for all storms with at least 1 death.
Show the name for regions not affected.
Show the name for regions and the number of storms for each region.
List the name for storms and the number of affected regions for each storm.
Return the name and max speed of the storm that affected the most regions.
Show the name of storms which don't have affected region in record.
Show storm name with at least two regions and 10 cities affected.
Show all storm names except for those with at least two affected regions.
Return the names of the regions affected by storms that had a death count of at least 10.
Show the region name with at least two storms.
Find the names of the regions which were affected by the storm that killed the greatest number of people.
Show the county name and population of all counties.
Show the average population of all counties.
Show all the distinct districts for elections.
Show the delegate from district 1 in election.
Show the delegate and committee information of elections.
Show all the information about election.
Return all the information for each election record.
Show the delegates and the names of county they belong to.
Show the delegates and the names of the party they belong to.
For each delegate, find the names of the party they are part of.
Show the name of each county along with the corresponding number of delegates from that county.
For each county, find the name of the county and the number of delegates from that county.
Show the name of each party and the corresponding number of delegates from that party.
For each party, return the name of the party and the number of delegates from that party.
Return the names of all counties sorted by population in ascending order.
Sort the names of all counties in ascending order of population.
Return the names of all counties sorted by county name in descending alphabetical order.
Sort the names of all counties in descending alphabetical order.
Show the name of the county with the biggest population.
Show the 3 counties with the smallest population.
Show the names of counties that have at least two delegates.
Show the name of the party that has at least two records.
Show the name of the party that has the most delegates.
List the names of journalists in ascending order of years working.
Show the different nationalities and the number of journalists of each nationality.
Show the most common nationality for journalists.
Show the dates, places, and names of events in descending order of the attendance.
List the event venues and names that have the top 2 most number of people attended.
Show the details of all trucks in the order of their license number.
List the names of all routes in alphabetic order.
List the state names and the number of customers living in each state.
List all cities of addresses in alphabetical order.
list the local authorities and services provided by all stations.
show all train numbers and names ordered by their time from early to late.
show the lowest low temperature and highest wind speed in miles per hour.
Count different addresses of each school.
List the distinct region of clubs in ascending alphabetical order.
List all club names in ascending order of start year.
List all club names in descending alphabetical order.
Please show the names and the players of clubs.
display the country ID and number of cities for each country.
Give the country id and corresponding count of cities in each country.
display the first and last name, department, city, and state province for each employee.
display the department name, city, and state province for each department.
List all channel names ordered by their rating in percent from big to small.
Give me a list of all the channel names sorted by the channel rating in descending order.
Show the different headquarters and number of companies at each headquarter.
List all countries of markets in ascending alphabetical order.
List all countries of markets in descending order of number of cities.
Show all calendar dates and day Numbers.
List all location codes and location names.
Which clubs are located at "AKW"? Return the club names.
Find the names of all person sorted in the descending order using age.
Show the different countries and the number of members from each.
Show the most common country across members.
Show the leader names and locations of colleges.
List the name and assets of each company in ascending order of company name.
List the names of buildings in descending order of building height.
Please show the names of the buildings whose status is "on-hold", in ascending order of stories.
Find the names of the buildings in "on-hold" status, and sort them in ascending order of building stories.
Please show the industries of companies in descending order of the number of companies.
Show the number of audience in year 2008 or 2010.
Find the first names and last names of male (sex is M) faculties who live in building NEB.
List the name and phone number of all suppliers in the alphabetical order of their addresses.
List names of all pilot aged 30 or younger in descending alphabetical order.
List the locations of schools in ascending order of enrollment.
List the locations of schools in descending order of founded year.
List the enrollment for each school that does not have "Catholic" as denomination.
Show locations and nicknames of schools.
Please show different denominations and the corresponding number of schools.
For each denomination, return the denomination and the count of schools with that denomination.
Please show different denominations and the corresponding number of schools in descending order.
Order denominations in descending order of the count of schools with the denomination. Return each denomination with the count of schools.
List the school color of the school that has the largest enrollment.
Find all the distinct district names ordered by city area in descending.
List the name of the colleges whose enrollment is greater 18000 sorted by the college's name.
List the carriers of devices in ascending alphabetical order.
Return the names of shops, ordered by year of opening ascending.
What are the names and location of the shops in ascending alphabetical order of name.
Return the names and locations of shops, ordered by name in alphabetical order.
List the name of the shop with the latest open year.
Show the locations shared by shops with open year later than 2012 and shops with open year before 2008.
Show all the planned delivery dates and actual delivery dates of bookings.
Return the the names of the drama workshop groups that are located in Feliciaberg city.
Show all cities along with the number of drama workshop groups in each city.
Show name, address road, and city for all branches sorted by open year.
Show all distinct city where branches with at least 100 memberships are located.
Show the city and the number of branches opened before 2010 for each city.
Show all member names and registered branch names sorted by register year.
Show all branch names with the number of members in each branch registered after 2015.
List the branch name and city without any registered members.
Show the member name and hometown who registered a branch in 2016.
Show all city with a branch opened in 2001 and a branch with more than 100 membership.
Show all cities without a branch having more than 100 memberships.
Show all the distinct president votes made on 08/30/2015.
Report the distinct registration date and the election cycle.
List all the distinct president votes and the vice president votes.
For each election cycle, report the number of voting records.
Count the number of voting records for each election cycle.
List all the event names by year from the most recent to the oldest.
List the builders of railways in ascending alphabetical order.
List the wheels and locations of the railways.
Show the names of trains and locations of railways they are in.
Show id and location of railways that are associated with more than one train.
Show different builders of railways, along with the corresponding number of railways using each builder.
Show different locations of railways along with the corresponding number of railways at each location.
Show all distinct cities in the address record.
Show each state and the number of addresses in each state.
Show the date and venue of each workshop in ascending alphabetical order of the venue.
Show all distinct location names.
Show different tourist attractions' names, ids, and the corresponding number of visits.
Find the state and country of all cities with post code starting with 4.
List the countries having more than 4 addresses listed.
List every individual's first name, middle name and last name in alphabetical order by last name.
Find the emails of parties with the most popular party form.
List all the name of organizations in order of the date formed.
Show the name, home city, and age for all drivers.
Show the party and the number of drivers in each party.
Show the name of drivers in descending order of age.
Show all different home cities.
Show all home cities except for those having a driver older than 40.
Show the school name and driver name for all school buses.
Show the school name and type for schools without a school bus.
Show the type of school and the number of buses for each type.
List names for drivers from Hartford city and younger than 40.
List the vehicle flight number, date and pilot of all the flights, ordered by altitude.
List the id, country, city and name of the airports ordered alphabetically by the name.
List the area and county of all appelations.
Show the name, location, and number of platforms for all stations.
Show the names and total passengers for all train stations not in London.
Show the names and main services for train stations that have the top three total number of passengers.
Show all locations and the total number of platforms and passengers for all train stations in each location.
Show the name, time, and service for all trains.
Show the name and service for all trains in order by time.
Show the station name and number of trains in each station.
show the train name and station name for each train.
Show all train names and times in stations in London in descending order by train time.
Show the station name with greatest number of trains.
Show the station name with at least two trains.
Show all locations with only 1 station.
Show station names without any trains.
List the names and locations of all stations ordered by their yearly entry exit and interchange amounts.
List first name and last name of customers lived in city Lockmanfurt.
List all countries and their number of airlines in the descending order of number of airlines.
